«Be Honored with a Legacy Statue» → «Be Honoured with a Legacy Statue»
«Too often, fences are used to divide us. But whether you lean to the left or the right, the Bipartisan Fence has the kind of universal appeal that can bridge any divide and help unite yourself with your fellow neighbors.» → «Too often, fences are used to divide us. But whether you lean to the left or the right, the Bipartisan Fence has the kind of universal appeal that can bridge any divide and help unite yourself with your fellow neighbours.»
«Stu Surprise is an icky dish that contains so many flavors that it becomes palateable. Your Sim wants to eat Stu Surprise made with watermelon and blowfish.» → «Stu Surprise is an icky dish that contains so many flavours that it becomes palateable. Your Sim wants to eat Stu Surprise made with watermelon and blowfish.»
«See Game at Stadium» → «See Match at Stadium»
«The stint in China has improved your disguise; you could blend into any Shang Simla crowd!  For your efforts, the agency has given you a raise.» → «The stint in China has improved your disguise; you could blend into any Shang Simla crowd! For your efforts, the agency has given you a raise.»
«{0.SimName} is fond of {1.ObjectName}!  Does {2.SimName} have napkins?» → «{0.SimName} is fond of {1.ObjectName}! Does {2.SimName} have napkins?»
«The home team won the game! Fans were dancing in their seats and even did the wave thanks to {OpOwner}'s playing. Statistics also indicate that hot dog and llama crisp sales were up!» → «The home team won the match! Fans were dancing in their seats and even did the wave thanks to {OpOwner}'s playing. Statistics also indicate that hot dog and llama crisp sales were up!»
«The floor below holds my most prized treasures.  It is a fortress that only the boldest of adventurers will be able to gain entry to and overcome.   Signed, Dong Huo.» → «The floor below holds my most prized treasures. It is a fortress that only the boldest of adventurers will be able to gain entry to and overcome. Signed, Dong Huo.»
«Through dedicated study, you may build great Plumbots. It takes very special inspiration to imbue them with Sentience! Those superb citizens bridging this gap are examples to Sim and Bot alike: symbols of the civilization they both share.» → «Through dedicated study, you may build great Plumbots. It takes very special inspiration to imbue them with Sentience! Those superb citizens bridging this gap are examples to Sim and Bot alike: symbols of the civilisation they both share.»
«Check Neigborhood for Pets to Adopt» → «Check Neighbourhood for Pets to Adopt»
«The things you've done have been epic...and the fact you got away with it all? You are what neighborhood legends are made of!» → «The things you've done have been epic...and the fact you got away with it all? You are what neighbourhood legends are made of!»
«Outdoor Future Trashcan Lid» → «Outdoor Future Waste Bin Lid»
«When a fellow astronaut was stranded in space and left for dead, you led the rescue mission from the command center to bring the friend safely home.» → «When a fellow astronaut was stranded in space and left for dead, you led the rescue mission from the command centre to bring the friend safely home.»
«Le Petit Shark Pool Center» → «Le Petit Shark Pool Centre»
«Body Hair Color» → «Body Hair Colour»
«God save the Queen Fencing Co. as they introduce the Flex Crystals Bollard Fence, a lighted enclosure done your way. And if your square neighbors don’t like the Flex Crystals, just flash a snarl and tell them to never mind the bollards!» → «God save the Queen Fencing Co. as they introduce the Flex Crystals Bollard Fence, a lighted enclosure done your way. And if your square neighbours don’t like the Flex Crystals, just flash a snarl and tell them to never mind the bollards!»
«Sports Game» → «Madden NFL»
«The Dew sample was biochemically fascinating! It’s a fine place to begin our investigation. We’ll need more samples from the local Delightfully Oversized Flowers. Any color will work. If a Delightfully Oversized Flower looks empty, you can sometimes get some Dew by shaking its base.» → «The Dew sample was biochemically fascinating! It’s a fine place to begin our investigation. We’ll need more samples from the local Delightfully Oversized Flowers. Any colour will work. If a Delightfully Oversized Flower looks empty, you can sometimes get some Dew by shaking its base.»
«Vague Visionaries have just started to realize some of the universal patterns of fate. You'll still do a lot of guesswork, but sometimes certain guesses just feel better than others. It's almost as if you can see the path that another person's life will take -- or if not the path, the general direction that life will go in. With practice, you may develop this gift!» → «Vague Visionaries have just started to realise some of the universal patterns of fate. You'll still do a lot of guesswork, but sometimes certain guesses just feel better than others. It's almost as if you can see the path that another person's life will take — or if not the path, the general direction that life will go in. With practice, you may develop this gift!»
«If {0.SimFirstName} isn't allowed to warm up soon, the social worker will be forced to take away all of the daycare children and suspend the daycare.» → «If {0.SimFirstName} isn't allowed to warm up soon, the social worker will be forced to take away all of the nursery children and suspend the daycare.»
«Traveling» → «Travelling»
«Theatre» → «Cinema»
«Socializing» → «Socialising»
«High rise living will never be the same when you install the Drop Look Chute! You'll enjoy the convenience of easy trash disposal combined with a sleek industrial design. Take a peek down the chute and enjoy watching gravity in action as your trash falls to the bottom.» → «High rise living will never be the same when you install the Drop Look Chute! You'll enjoy the convenience of easy waste disposal combined with a sleek industrial design. Take a peek down the chute and enjoy watching gravity in action as your waste falls to the bottom.»
«We’ve always been told not to judge a book by its cover. However, judging it by its posture is a whole different story. No one likes a slouching book, so help keep your favorite literary devices’ posture intact with the Posture-Perfect Bookshelf.» → «We’ve always been told not to judge a book by its cover. However, judging it by its posture is a whole different story. No one likes a slouching book, so help keep your favourite literary devices’ posture intact with the Posture-Perfect Bookshelf.»
«All of your travelers are dead or gone! Your family's urnstones have been moved to a local mausoleum, and it's time to reload or go back to your home world.» → «All of your travellers are dead or gone! Your family's urnstones have been moved to a local mausoleum, and it's time to reload or go back to your home world.»
«Freezer Bunny's Favorite Outdoor Lamp» → «Freezer Bunny's Favourite Outdoor Lamp»
«Slapping this colorful mascot-inscribed banner on your wall leaves no doubt as to loyalties. Oh, you root for our school? I root for our school too! What a coincidence.» → «Slapping this colourful mascot-inscribed banner on your wall leaves no doubt as to loyalties. Oh, you root for our school? I root for our school too! What a coincidence.»
«This modest bungalow will provide your fairy family with cozy accommodations when in their true fairy forms. Fully furnished and move-in ready, this home has been thoroughly checked by fairy home inspectors. After all, even tiny specks of light have needs! Get what you need with the Fairy Bungalow.» → «This modest bungalow will provide your fairy family with cosy accommodations when in their true fairy forms. Fully furnished and move-in ready, this home has been thoroughly checked by fairy home inspectors. After all, even tiny specks of light have needs! Get what you need with the Fairy Bungalow.»
«Once a recording is completed, a disc will be placed in your Sim's inventory that can be played on higher-end televisions. You may rename the disc to help distinguish your unique videos. To organize your inventory, you can purchase a Data Disc Storage Tower, which can hold all of your discs for instant playback.» → «Once a recording is completed, a disc will be placed in your Sim's inventory that can be played on higher-end televisions. You may rename the disc to help distinguish your unique videos. To organise your inventory, you can purchase a Data Disc Storage Tower, which can hold all of your discs for instant playback.»
«Celebrated furniture designer Aleckzandor Fleppe has captured lightning in a bottle once again with the Sheppult Dresser. This design was inspired by Fleppe’s favorite breed of dog, the East Norrington Sheppult, a lesser-known breed that typically has a fat body, tiny legs, and smells like varnish. Treat your clothes to the Sheppult Dresser – they won’t be disappointed!» → «Celebrated furniture designer Aleckzandor Fleppe has captured lightning in a bottle once again with the Sheppult Dresser. This design was inspired by Fleppe’s favourite breed of dog, the East Norrington Sheppult, a lesser-known breed that typically has a fat body, tiny legs, and smells like varnish. Treat your clothes to the Sheppult Dresser – they won’t be disappointed!»
«{0.SimFirstName} was leaving work and noticed something had fallen from the last cargo truck. It's a wad of cash!  Well, I'm sure no one will miss it.» → «{0.SimFirstName} was leaving work and noticed something had fallen from the last cargo lorry. It's a wad of cash! Well, I'm sure no one will miss it.»
«The plastic surgery went very well!  {0.SimName} is an exquisite work of art now!» → «The plastic surgery went very well! {0.SimName} is an exquisite work of art now!»
«{0.SimFirstName} really likes the outdoors.  Thanks for all of the windows.» → «{0.SimFirstName} really likes the outdoors. Thanks for all of the windows.»
«Don’t be caught wearing last season’s shoes around this superfly fashionista! Amy’s hip to the scene in her neighborhood and knows a thing or two about what’s haute. Working part time hours down at the Day Spa to pay the bills, Amy’s dreams of being a Fashion Phenomenon are what keeps her going. Does she have the styling know how to make it?» → «Don’t be caught wearing last season’s shoes around this superfly fashionista! Amy’s hip to the scene in her neighbourhood and knows a thing or two about what’s haute. Working part time hours down at the Day Spa to pay the bills, Amy’s dreams of being a Fashion Phenomenon are what keeps her going. Does she have the styling know how to make it?»
«Sims with a Good Sense of Humor tell the best jokes that never fall flat or fail to entertain.» → «Sims with a Good Sense of Humour tell the best jokes that never fall flat or fail to entertain.»
«In this Utopian timeline, Sims amuse themselves by hurling colorful Dew. Everyone winds up splattered and giggling like maniacs, but I wonder if the Dew carries any health risks? Go out in public and indulge in some Dewy delight. I’ll sample your plasma afterwards.» → «In this Utopian timeline, Sims amuse themselves by hurling colourful Dew. Everyone winds up splattered and giggling like maniacs, but I wonder if the Dew carries any health risks? Go out in public and indulge in some Dewy delight. I’ll sample your plasma afterwards.»
«So many questions about space and so little answers. Analyzing some space rocks may or may not answer  those questions, but at least your Sim will get to look at some neat rocks!» → «So many questions about space and so little answers. Analysing some space rocks may or may not answer those questions, but at least your Sim will get to look at some neat rocks!»
«Three young women looking for love and good times on the beach! Hinni, Karlie, and Rei have come to the islands to catch some sun and enjoy some R&R, but Karlie is falling hard for both scuba diving and the islands many bachelors... Vacations are meant to be temporary, but maybe she should stay for good?» → «Three young women looking for love and good times on the beach! Hinni, Karlie, and Rei have come to the islands to catch some sun and enjoy some R&R, but Karlie is falling hard for both scuba diving and the island's many bachelors... Holidays are meant to be temporary, but maybe she should stay for good?»
«Palladium is a platinum metal, along with other metals such as ruthenium, osmium, rhodium, and fan favorite iridium.» → «Palladium is a platinum metal, along with other metals such as ruthenium, osmium, rhodium, and fan favourite iridium.»
«Sonyo, the industry leader in innovative electronics, introduces the VideoStop Triple, the third in a line of fine video recording devices designed for home use. This stunning new technology delivers unprecedented audio and visual clarity directly from the camera to your TV. You may need to work extra hours to afford it, but it'll all be worth it as you bask in the luxury of a multimedia extravaganza synthesized from your own home videos.» → «Sonyo, the industry leader in innovative electronics, introduces the VideoStop Triple, the third in a line of fine video recording devices designed for home use. This stunning new technology delivers unprecedented audio and visual clarity directly from the camera to your TV. You may need to work extra hours to afford it, but it'll all be worth it as you bask in the luxury of a multimedia extravaganza synthesised from your own home videos.»
«Cookie Damage» → «Biscuit Damage»
«Can you help build a new room for my toddler?  It should have happy colors and all of the toys that a little crawling kid could ever want!» → «Can you help build a new room for my toddler? It should have happy colours and all of the toys that a little crawling kid could ever want!»
«“You have made the right choice helping me out.  I will tell you the truth.  I work for an organization that wants to stop MorcuCorp from exploiting this land.  We could really use your help.  If you want to sign on there's more work to be done.  We need to buy you time to explore the next tomb, which means we must bribe MorcuCorp’ henchmen. Explore the sands around town to find {9.Number} pieces of Mummitomium with which to bribe the MorcuCorp goons.  Bring that back to me.”» → «“You have made the right choice helping me out. I will tell you the truth. I work for an organization that wants to stop MorcuCorp from exploiting this land. We could really use your help. If you want to sign on there's more work to be done. We need to buy you time to explore the next tomb, which means we must bribe MorcuCorp’ henchmen. Explore the sands around town to find {9.Number} pieces of Mummitomium with which to bribe the MorcuCorp goons. Bring that back to me.”»
«We've moved to a new house!  You're invited to a house party at the {1.SimLastName} residence on {DateAndTime}. Do you think you can come?» → «We've moved to a new house! You're invited to a house party at the {1.SimLastName} residence on {DateAndTime}. Do you think you can come?»
«The carefully clasped brush of the artisan can paint images that incite the humorless to laugh and the inarticulate to eloquence. The addition of skills with the stringed guitar can make your Sim the envy of the community. Success isn’t a given, but is a reward that results from ingenuity and a touch of luck.» → «The carefully clasped brush of the artisan can paint images that incite the humourless to laugh and the inarticulate to eloquence. The addition of skills with the stringed guitar can make your Sim the envy of the community. Success isn’t a given, but is a reward that results from ingenuity and a touch of luck.»
«{0.SimName} just swallowed some water.  It burned!» → «{0.SimName} just swallowed some water. It burned!»
«The Mad Scientist's Totally Safe and Harmless Institute of Inventive Creation and Learning would like to congratulate you, {0.SimName}, for pushing the boundaries of creative and tasteful inventing!  Please display this fine certificate made from space age polymers and inscribed with barely radioactive but never fading ink to show all what a world-renowned Inventor you are!» → «The Mad Scientist's Totally Safe and Harmless Institute of Inventive Creation and Learning would like to congratulate you, {0.SimName}, for pushing the boundaries of creative and tasteful inventing! Please display this fine certificate made from space age polymers and inscribed with barely radioactive but never fading ink to show all what a world-renowned Inventor you are!»
«Cozy Retreat – 1br, 1ba» → «Cosy Retreat – 1br, 1ba»
«There's nothing left to dig for in this Junk Pile.  Try again later.» → «There's nothing left to dig for in this Junk Pile. Try again later.»
«Sims earn more for selling goods at local stores and Consignment Store.» → «Sims earn more for selling goods at local stores and Thrift Shop.»
«Impressive {0.String}!  You wowed that crowd!  Keep up the good work, and you'll master your craft in no time!» → «Impressive {0.String}! You wowed that crowd! Keep up the good work, and you'll master your craft in no time!»
«Rotated Squares Set: Center Square Bordered by a Larger Square» → «Rotated Squares Set: Centre Square Bordered by a Larger Square»
«The theatre is perfect when you just want to sit beside your date, hold hands, and watch. Your Sim wants to ask someone on a date to the theatre!» → «The cinema is perfect when you just want to sit beside your date, hold hands, and watch. Your Sim wants to ask someone on a date to the cinema!»
«Furniture can also be rotated!  To rotate the couch, click on it once to pick it up.» → «Furniture can also be rotated! To rotate the couch, click on it once to pick it up.»
«You didn’t learn everything you needed to in Medical School. Locals in Shang Simla have knowledge of ancient herbal remedies that you should become familiar with. Go to China and learn form the locals;  it will be good for your job performance and earn you a raise.» → «You didn’t learn everything you needed to in Medical School. Locals in Shang Simla have knowledge of ancient herbal remedies that you should become familiar with. Go to China and learn form the locals; it will be good for your job performance and earn you a raise.»
«{0.SimFirstName} retains the title of Garlic Eating Champion once again!  It was almost an upset when the Sous-Chef brought in an Italian ringer, but {0.SimFirstName} prevailed. {0.SimFirstName} gets the proceeds of the bet, and a lonely walk home.» → «{0.SimFirstName} retains the title of Garlic Eating Champion once again! It was almost an upset when the Sous-Chef brought in an Italian ringer, but {0.SimFirstName} prevailed. {0.SimFirstName} gets the proceeds of the bet, and a lonely walk home.»
«From problems at the office, to inane small talk with a neighbor, the trials of life can be frustrating. You need a way to decompress. That’s what the Simmer Down Chair is all about. Its soothing frame is guaranteed to calm even your last frayed nerve.» → «From problems at the office, to inane small talk with a neighbour, the trials of life can be frustrating. You need a way to decompress. That’s what the Simmer Down Chair is all about. Its soothing frame is guaranteed to calm even your last frayed nerve.»
«The Science Center researchers were truly amazed by your dexterity. A few were grossed out.» → «The Science Centre researchers were truly amazed by your dexterity. A few were grossed out.»
«This fascinating dew is known to instantly overhaul a Sim’s appearance to something more…colorful. Your Sim can’t wait to use it on themself!» → «This fascinating dew is known to instantly overhaul a Sim’s appearance to something more…colourful. Your Sim can’t wait to use it on themself!»
«The protest that {0.SimName} organized is losing momentum.» → «The protest that {0.SimName} organised is losing momentum.»
«Localization Project Managers» → «Localisation Project Managers»
«Challenge {0.SimName} to a game of Chess» → «Challenge {0.SimName} to a match of Chess»
«A Relic known as {11.ObjectName} was last seen traveling at very low speed within a tomb that {2.String} was recently exploring. If found, please return this item. A fee paid in Simoleons and Ancient Coins will be exchanged for compensation.» → «A Relic known as {11.ObjectName} was last seen travelling at very low speed within a tomb that {2.String} was recently exploring. If found, please return this item. A fee paid in Simoleons and Ancient Coins will be exchanged for compensation.»
«As a self-appointed leader in the local music scene, you feel it's important to bring your music to other locations like France. This is also a great opportunity to travel to France to promote local music!  It will help the industry as a whole and your career!» → «As a self-appointed leader in the local music scene, you feel it's important to bring your music to other locations like France. This is also a great opportunity to travel to France to promote local music! It will help the industry as a whole and your career!»
«You don't want to go around calling your snake "Hey You, yea the one who looks like my favorite belt" all your life do you? I'm sure your pet doesn't want that to happen either! Your Sim wants to Name their Snake.» → «You don't want to go around calling your snake "Hey You, yea the one who looks like my favourite belt" all your life do you? I'm sure your pet doesn't want that to happen either! Your Sim wants to Name their Snake.»
«{2.SimName} has just learned how to Sit!  {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember the feeling of being praised for learning the trick in such a short amount of time.  A feeling that {MA.he}{FA.she} won’t forget about anytime soon.» → «{2.SimName} has just learned how to Sit! {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember the feeling of being praised for learning the trick in such a short amount of time. A feeling that {MA.he}{FA.she} won’t forget about anytime soon.»
«{0.SimFirstName} is ready to jump into the frying pan of the culinary crafter, the kitchen specialist, the deliverer of delicacies! It’ll take a lot of time behind the stove and in front of a cook book, but {0.SimFirstName} will never be without company when everyone knows she can perfect their favorite foods.» → «{0.SimFirstName} is ready to jump into the frying pan of the culinary crafter, the kitchen specialist, the deliverer of delicacies! It’ll take a lot of time behind the stove and in front of a cook book, but {0.SimFirstName} will never be without company when everyone knows she can perfect their favourite foods.»
«With its cleat-proof upholstery and smudgeless windows, the Tofunda Wagon is the ideal family car. And whatever color you choose, rest assured your wagon will blend seamlessly into the sprawling suburban landscape you call home.» → «With its cleat-proof upholstery and smudgeless windows, the Tofunda Wagon is the ideal family car. And whatever colour you choose, rest assured your wagon will blend seamlessly into the sprawling suburban landscape you call home.»
«Congratulations!  {0.SimName} has become a Chiselmeister and can now sculpt faster.» → «Congratulations! {0.SimName} has become a Chiselmeister and can now sculpt faster.»
«{0.SimName} has sculpted a Great {1.String} in {2.String}!  It is worth {3.Money}!  You can move or sell it in buy mode.» → «{0.SimName} has sculpted a Great {1.String} in {2.String}! It is worth {3.Money}! You can move or sell it in buy mode.»
«Upgrade: Change Color» → «Upgrade: Change Colour»
«Decorate your décor with the finest in faux Italian elegance with the Contraffati Extra Grande Club Chair.  The elegant curves and minimum of padding guarantee hours of uncomfortable sitting experience.» → «Decorate your décor with the finest in faux Italian elegance with the Contraffati Extra Grande Club Chair. The elegant curves and minimum of padding guarantee hours of uncomfortable sitting experience.»
«The stolid front of this house defines its equally no-nonsense interior.  We’re sure the living rooms of this house have hosted many important local dignitaries in interminable tea parties to which fortunately we have never been invited.» → «The stolid front of this house defines its equally no-nonsense interior. We’re sure the living rooms of this house have hosted many important local dignitaries in interminable tea parties to which fortunately we have never been invited.»
«Cheese Danish» → «Cheese Pastry»
«This miniaturized version of the miner is a great collector's piece for all those that are into mining.» → «This miniaturised version of the Miner is a great collector's piece for all those that are into mining.»
«Sanctioned Traveler (Level 1)» → «Sanctioned Traveller (Level 1)»
«Athletes are role-models for younger Sims, and as an Agent it is up to you to throw a perfect Charity Game to bring in money for the local school charity. Have a heart!» → «Athletes are role-models for younger Sims, and as an Agent it is up to you to throw a perfect Charity Match to bring in money for the local school charity. Have a heart!»
«Relive the days when quality electronics where measured by both the size of the sound and the size of the speaker cabinet! The giant 20" speakers is sure to blast the beat through the entire house and maybe even the entire neighborhood.» → «Relive the days when quality electronics where measured by both the size of the sound and the size of the speaker cabinet! The giant 20" speakers is sure to blast the beat through the entire house and maybe even the entire neighbourhood.»
«{0.SimFirstName} traveled for miles along a twisting passage but ended up at a dead end and had to backtrack a really long way.» → «{0.SimFirstName} travelled for miles along a twisting passage but ended up at a dead end and had to backtrack a really long way.»
«{0.SimFirstName} came across an almost exact replica of Stonehenge, except for large stone creature sleeping in the center of it. Wisely, {0.SimFirstName} decided to let it keep resting.» → «{0.SimFirstName} came across an almost exact replica of Stonehenge, except for large stone creature sleeping in the centre of it. Wisely, {0.SimFirstName} decided to let it keep resting.»
«Thanks! These couldn’t have been easy to find. Now, to vaporize them in the chromatograph…» → «Thanks! These couldn’t have been easy to find. Now, to vaporise them in the chromatograph…»
«Your Sim's wrist has that old itch and the hand keeps curling into the infamous “pen grip.” It’s time for Table Tennis and only a game with their favorite opponent will satisfy.» → «Your Sim's wrist has that old itch and the hand keeps curling into the infamous “pen grip.” It’s time for Table Tennis and only a match with their favourite opponent will satisfy.»
«The act of giving a massage is hard work, but your Sim wants to give one as a labor of love or to help cure a backache!» → «The act of giving a massage is hard work, but your Sim wants to give one as a labour of love or to help cure a backache!»
«Lantanas are some of the most beautiful plants around, and are utilized to provide unmatched color and elegance just about everywhere, from botanical gardens to highway medians.» → «Lantanas are some of the most beautiful plants around, and are utilised to provide unmatched colour and elegance just about everywhere, from botanical gardens to motorway medians.»
«Phew, what a ride! Your Sim will probably need to sleep for a week to recover from that wild tour! But it was worth it--check out your SimPort book for all the rewards!» → «Phew, what a ride! Your Sim will probably need to sleep for a week to recover from that wild tour! But it was worth it—check out your SimPort book for all the rewards!»
«Your recent actions at the hospital were those of a bona fide hero, {0.SimFirstName}! It is my honor to present you with the {1.String} in recognition of your great deeds! Display it proudly on the wall for all to see. We are also giving you a medal you can wear in recognition of your achievements. The citizens of {TownName} are in your debt.» → «Your recent actions at the hospital were those of a bona fide hero, {0.SimFirstName}! It is my honour to present you with the {1.String} in recognition of your great deeds! Display it proudly on the wall for all to see. We are also giving you a medal you can wear in recognition of your achievements. The citizens of {TownName} are in your debt.»
«Inertial Stabilizer» → «Inertial Stabiliser»
«Scientists and Inventors from all over the world are flocking to {OpTarget} for The Great Invention Convention. The convention features robots and vehicles to astound the mind and boggle the senses. {OpOwner} should go and check this out -- maybe there's something to be learned?» → «Scientists and Inventors from all over the world are flocking to {OpTarget} for The Great Invention Convention. The convention features robots and vehicles to astound the mind and boggle the senses. {OpOwner} should go and check this out — maybe there's something to be learned?»
«Foiling the nefarious plans of madmen is a staple of the special agent's life. Your Sim hopes to become one and should look forward to making the choice after being promoted past Lieutenant.» → «Foiling the nefarious plans of madmen is a staple of the special agent's life. Your Sim hopes to become one and should look forward to making the choice after being promoted past Chief Inspector.»
«Seeking shelter after being attacked by purple rock spitters, {0.SimFirstName} slips into a cave where {MA.he}{FA.she} finds an old man with a flowing grey beard. The mysterious old man gestures to two items lying at his feet. To the left lies a small bottle of liquid. To the right lies a sword. Knowing the danger that awaits {MA.him}{FA.her} outside, which item will {0.SimFirstName} choose?» → «Seeking shelter after being attacked by purple rock spitters, {0.SimFirstName} slips into a cave where {MA.he}{FA.she} finds an old lad with a flowing grey beard. The mysterious old man gestures to two items lying at his feet. To the left lies a small bottle of liquid. To the right lies a sword. Knowing the danger that awaits {MA.him}{FA.her} outside, which item will {0.SimFirstName} choose?»
«{0.SimFirstName} stumbles into a cavern with a large rainbow colored waterfall cascading down from the emptiness of space. Two frogs stand as tall as men guarding a bridge at the water's edge, spewing rainbow colored water from their mouths. The green frog will allow {0.SimFirstName} to pass if {MA.he}{FA.she} can swim up the waterfall and retrieve his cage of flies. The yellow frog will allow {0.SimFirstName} to pass if {MA.he}{FA.she} can solve the cosmic riddle. Which challenge does {0.SimFirstName} accept?» → «{0.SimFirstName} stumbles into a cavern with a large rainbow coloured waterfall cascading down from the emptiness of space. Two frogs stand as tall as men guarding a bridge at the water's edge, spewing rainbow coloured water from their mouths. The green frog will allow {0.SimFirstName} to pass if {MA.he}{FA.she} can swim up the waterfall and retrieve his cage of flies. The yellow frog will allow {0.SimFirstName} to pass if {MA.he}{FA.she} can solve the cosmic riddle. Which challenge does {0.SimFirstName} accept?»
«Gardening catalog» → «Gardening catalogue»
«A sketchy sounding fellow from {OpTarget} contacted {OpOwner}. The Sim would like {OpNumItemsGoal} Wood Sculptures delivered for an "art project."  Someone in the background mentioned Troy and a huge horse, but that's probably not important.» → «A sketchy sounding fellow from {OpTarget} contacted {OpOwner}. The Sim would like {OpNumItemsGoal} Wood Sculptures delivered for an "art project." Someone in the background mentioned Troy and a huge horse, but that's probably not important.»
«The Street Art Skill allows the neighborhood to be your Sim’s canvas. With a Street Art Kit in your inventory, you can create art on walls or ground. The more Street Art you make, the better your Sim will get!» → «The Street Art Skill allows the neighbourhood to be your Sim’s canvas. With a Street Art Kit in your inventory, you can create art on walls or ground. The more Street Art you make, the better your Sim will get!»
«There are two types of Street Art to make – tags and murals. Murals are more artistic and if your Sim gets to a high enough Street Art level, they could paint some masterpieces! Tags will let you graffiti your neighborhood. Be careful if you’re not on a home lot! The police might catch your tagging up the town!» → «There are two types of Street Art to make – tags and murals. Murals are more artistic and if your Sim gets to a high enough Street Art level, they could paint some masterpieces! Tags will let you graffiti your neighbourhood. Be careful if you’re not on a home lot! The police might catch your tagging up the town!»
«To create Street Art, click on the Street Art Kit from your inventory or lot and then choose your desired wall or ground Street Art type. An object will appear for you to place in the world to reserve your street art spot.  You can reserve multiple spots if you’d like. Ground art can only be placed on flat terrain and cannot intersect other objects. Wall art cannot intersect other objects or be placed on fences or on walls above foundations.» → «To create Street Art, click on the Street Art Kit from your inventory or lot and then choose your desired wall or ground Street Art type. An object will appear for you to place in the world to reserve your street art spot. You can reserve multiple spots if you’d like. Ground art can only be placed on flat terrain and cannot intersect other objects. Wall art cannot intersect other objects or be placed on fences or on walls above foundations.»
«Mac And Cheese Box» → «Macaroni Cheese Box»
«Sonoko is a realist, and Mitch likes to dream big.  Sonoko lacks confidence in her husband’s ambition to make a living as a DJ and is convinced it won’t last long. Is she right or will Mitch prevail in his dream to spin the vinyl?» → «Sonoko is a realist, and Mitch likes to dream big. Sonoko lacks confidence in her husband’s ambition to make a living as a DJ and is convinced it won’t last long. Is she right or will Mitch prevail in his dream to spin the vinyl?»
«A Master Inventor has created {0.Number} Big Inventions.  As a reward, all Invention creation times and Scrap costs are reduced.  All Inventions are now “Master” Inventions with a higher value and Master Big Inventions will never fail!» → «A Master Inventor has created {0.Number} Big Inventions. As a reward, all Invention creation times and Scrap costs are reduced. All Inventions are now “Master” Inventions with a higher value and Master Big Inventions will never fail!»
«The oldest luxury apartment building in town, an address in Breach House means money… old money. Once you have an apartment in Breach House you don’t give it up.  They don’t even have a waiting list with anyone still alive on it!» → «The oldest luxury apartment building in town, an address in Breach House means money… old money. Once you have an apartment in Breach House you don’t give it up. They don’t even have a waiting list with anyone still alive on it!»
«A ruined column from the ruins of an ancient civilization.» → «A ruined column from the ruins of an ancient civilisation.»
«Football» → «American football»
«Soccer» → «Football»
«Getting Past the Draft» → «Getting Past the Trade Window»
«Look for it in {0.SimFirstName}'s mailbox next time the mail is delivered.» → «Look for it in {0.SimFirstName}'s postbox next time the post is delivered.»
«Squabbling Neighbors» → «Squabbling neighbours»
«{1.Number} pages of heart-pounding adrenaline,  {2.String}, have just exited {0.SimFirstName}'s hard drive and are on their way to the publisher. {0.SimFirstName} is hoping the book is better than {3.String}, the current darling of the literary world.» → «{1.Number} pages of heart-pounding adrenaline, {2.String}, have just exited {0.SimFirstName}'s hard drive and are on their way to the publisher. {0.SimFirstName} is hoping the book is better than {3.String}, the current darling of the literary world.»
«The music pulsing from the inside of the theatre sounds awesome. Perhaps tickets are still available!» → «The music pulsing from the inside of the cinema sounds awesome. Perhaps tickets are still available!»
«If you have created a Coat Color that you want to save, you can select the last tab next to Fur Shape and save your custom color there. Once saved you will see a thumbnail of your newly created coat color. To exit Advanced Mode select the bottom left hand corner.» → «If you have created a Coat Colour that you want to save, you can select the last tab next to Fur Shape and save your custom colour there. Once saved you will see a thumbnail of your newly created coat colour. To exit Advanced Mode select the bottom left hand corner.»
«Start off with the Layers panel, the first tab on the right side. Layers will let you customize your pets' coats in an incremental way. You can add, copy, and remove layers until you get the coat color you desire.» → «Start off with the Layers panel, the first tab on the right side. Layers will let you customise your pets' coats in an incremental way. You can add, copy, and remove layers until you get the coat colour you desire.»
«To help organize your layers, you can name, change the color, and move the layers up and down by selecting different points of the layer. Moving the layers will require some dragging, but it's a simple step in getting the right coat.» → «To help organise your layers, you can name, change the colour, and move the layers up and down by selecting different points of the layer. Moving the layers will require some dragging, but it's a simple step in getting the right coat.»
«With the defense grid enabled, we are safe... for now.» → «With the defence grid enabled, we are safe... for now.»
«Showing Off for the Scouts» → «Showing Off for the Scouts»
«{0.SimFirstName}!  Thank you for blessing the world with your world-class nectar!  Take this {1.String} and stand with it forever on a pedestal above {TownName}.  You are a nectar genius!  Nay... you are our nectar genius!» → «{0.SimFirstName}! Thank you for blessing the world with your world-class nectar! Take this {1.String} and stand with it forever on a pedestal above {TownName}. You are a nectar genius! Nay... you are our nectar genius!»
«Velasquez» → «Velásquez»
«{0.SimFirstName} went back to see how they became a Ghost, but accidentally changed the events so they never became one!  {0.SimFirstName} is now alive again!» → «{0.SimFirstName} went back to see how they became a Ghost, but accidentally changed the events so they never became one! {0.SimFirstName} is now alive again!»
«Placing Neighborhood Landmarks» → «Placing Neighbourhood Landmarks»
«A spook is terrorizing City Hall!» → «A spook is terrorising City Hall!»
«You have the honor of being a guest runner for the Al-Shang-Sim criminal network. There’s a heavy item in your inventory for delivery to a local contact in Shang Simla. Complete the delivery and report back to work to increase your job performance and earn a raise.» → «You have the honour of being a guest runner for the Al-Shang-Sim criminal network. There’s a heavy item in your inventory for delivery to a local contact in Shang Simla. Complete the delivery and report back to work to increase your job performance and earn a raise.»
«{0.SimFirstName} is Adventurous, which means she'll be the most happy when traveling. (Hover over any trait in the Simology panel to see more benefits.)» → «{0.SimFirstName} is Adventurous, which means she'll be the most happy when travelling. (Hover over any trait in the Simology panel to see more benefits.)»
«A vignette is often added to an image to draw interest to a specific focal point and, in effect, frame the center portion of the photo. Your Sim wants to take a Vignette photo.» → «A vignette is often added to an image to draw interest to a specific focal point and, in effect, frame the centre portion of the photo. Your Sim wants to take a Vignette photo.»
«Cookie» → «Biscuit»
«DD» → «DD»
«Stabilize with Paper Bag» → «Stabilise with Paper Bag»
«Rose Colored Glasses» → «Rose Coloured Glasses»
«{0.SimFirstName} is Shy, which means {MA.he’ll}{FA.she’ll} not only prefer to socialize with Sims, but {MB.he’ll}{FB.she’ll} receive skill benefits from it as well. (Hover over any trait in the Simology Panel to see more benefits.)» → «{0.SimFirstName} is Shy, which means {MA.he’ll}{FA.she’ll} not only prefer to socialise with Sims, but {MB.he’ll}{FB.she’ll} receive skill benefits from it as well. (Hover over any trait in the Simology Panel to see more benefits.)»
«Outdoor Future Trashcan» → «Outdoor Future Waste Bin»
«Artists don’t need desks; they need altars of creation!  The Pollack art desk eschews such bourgeois features as drawers, stripping the concept of Desk down to its rawest expression.» → «Artists don’t need desks; they need altars of creation! The Pollack art desk eschews such bourgeois features as drawers, stripping the concept of Desk down to its rawest expression.»
«This lot is part of the tutorial.  Going any farther will disable the Tutorial.  Do you wish to continue?  (You will still be able to access the tutorial via the main menu.)» → «This lot is part of the tutorial. Going any farther will disable the Tutorial. Do you wish to continue? (You will still be able to access the tutorial via the main menu.)»
«DJ on Center Stage» → «DJ on Centre Stage»
«Fix Election Machines at City Hall.» → «Fix Budget Machines at City Hall.»
«Today, {0.SimFirstName} was given the honor of presenting the school's star student with a full scholarship. Nothing makes a teacher more proud than watching their students succeed!» → «Today, {0.SimFirstName} was given the honour of presenting the school's star student with a full scholarship. Nothing makes a teacher more proud than watching their students succeed!»
«Looking to complete that Tack-EE designed look in your house? Look no further than the Pet Plates! Honor your pets with these fine Tack-EE designs, because nothing screams Tack-EE louder than these plates!» → «Looking to complete that Tack-EE designed look in your house? Look no further than the Pet Plates! Honour your pets with these fine Tack-EE designs, because nothing screams Tack-EE louder than these plates!»
«Sleeping is one of pets' favorite pastimes. They love finding new and different places to sleep. Now, your pet wants to Sleep on something.» → «Sleeping is one of pets' favourite pastimes. They love finding new and different places to sleep. Now, your pet wants to Sleep on something.»
«{2.SimName} just drank a perfect bottle of nectar. {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember the subtle, yet complex, flavors of a well-aged nectar!» → «{2.SimName} just drank a perfect bottle of nectar. {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember the subtle, yet complex, Flavours of a well-aged nectar!»
«• Your Sim will feel great when traveling to a new location for the first time.» → «• Your Sim will feel great when travelling to a new location for the first time.»
«Class up the joint with this reproduction of an old-time traveling chest, complete with authentic-looking baggage decals and mothball smell! Warning: hinges are not real. Do not attempt to open.» → «Class up the joint with this reproduction of an old-time travelling chest, complete with authentic-looking baggage decals and mothball smell! Warning: hinges are not real. Do not attempt to open.»
«All the right words were said, and athletes all over clamor for your representation.» → «All the right words were said, and athletes all over clamour for your representation.»
«Job Board gives you opportunities around the college town! DO NOT TRANSLATE» → «Job Board gives you opportunities around the university town!»
«You know that saying, dogs are a Sim's best friend? Not only do you believe it - that is the motto you live by. But why limit yourself to just one best friend. You want to befriend as many dogs as you can to not only show the world that dogs are a Sim's best friend, but how they are the most amazing animals in the entire world!» → «You know that saying, dogs are a Sim's best friend? Not only do you believe it - that is the motto you live by. But why limit yourself to just one best friend. You want to befriend as many dogs as you can to not only show the world that dogs are a Sim's best friend, but how they are the most amazing animals in the entire world!»
«How lame! You got rid of the shower! Your neighbors won’t be able to trust you with their things. You’ll need to pay for that...» → «How lame! You got rid of the shower! Your neighbours won’t be able to trust you with their things. You’ll need to pay for that...»
«{0.SimFirstName}'s foreign visitors were not able to make it.  Try again later.» → «{0.SimFirstName}'s foreign visitors were not able to make it. Try again later.»
«Some Sims like to be truly nasty towards their neighbors with a few insulting comments. Your Sim wants to point out someone's flaws.» → «Some Sims like to be truly nasty towards their neighbours with a few insulting comments. Your Sim wants to point out someone's flaws.»
«The flavors of the nectar are so vibrant with fruits that the tongue is practically overwhelmed.» → «The flavours of the nectar are so vibrant with fruits that the tongue is practically overwhelmed.»
«Interview Source at the Theatre.» → «Interview Source at the Cinema.»
«{0.SimFirstName} made it through with flying colors!  {0.SimFirstName}'s teammates are impressed and she wins some cash from the betting pool!» → «{0.SimFirstName} made it through with flying colours! {0.SimFirstName}'s teammates are impressed and she wins some cash from the betting pool!»
«{0.SimFirstName} thought {MA.he}{FA.she} might look good with a little color, just not one of the colors of the rainbow! Who maintains these machines anyway?!» → «{0.SimFirstName} thought {MA.he}{FA.she} might look good with a little colour, just not one of the colours of the rainbow! Who maintains these machines anyway?!»
«{0.SimFirstName} got to participate in a triple alempodiderectomy today - a once in a lifetime opportunity!  It was quite risky but the patient made it through!  {0.SimFirstName} got to rub elbows with some co-workers as well as improve her job performance!» → «{0.SimFirstName} got to participate in a triple alempodiderectomy today - a once in a lifetime opportunity! It was quite risky but the patient made it through! {0.SimFirstName} got to rub elbows with some co-workers as well as improve her job performance!»
«A good police officer should be prepared for anything, and the Chief of Police is offering a raise to any officers that will learn the Martial Arts skill on their own time.» → «A good police officer should be prepared for anything, and the Chief of Police is offering a raise to any officers that will learn the Martial Arts skill on their own time.»
«Having a unicorn around the house would be extremely useful and very fun!  Your Sim wants to Adopt a Unicorn.» → «Having a unicorn around the house would be extremely useful and very fun! Your Sim wants to Adopt a Unicorn.»
«Your dedication to the pursuit of wayward spirits is becoming the stuff of {TownName} legend. Even though you are a top ranked Ghost Hunter you continue to capture spirits in service to your community. The Paranormal Properties department at City Hall would like to thank you for your hard work and dedication and present you with a token of gratitude. The Mayor has decided to hold a special award ceremony in your honor at City Hall.» → «Your dedication to the pursuit of wayward spirits is becoming the stuff of {TownName} legend. Even though you are a top ranked Ghost Hunter you continue to capture spirits in service to your community. The Paranormal Properties department at City Hall would like to thank you for your hard work and dedication and present you with a token of gratitude. The Mayor has decided to hold a special award ceremony in your honour at City Hall.»
«A large group of local musicians have pooled their resources to fund a guitar competition with a behemoth cash prize for the winner! Travel to the Theatre to compete before the competition ends. If you’re in a good enough mood and your guitar abilities are up to snuff, you just might take home that cash prize!» → «A large group of local musicians have pooled their resources to fund a guitar competition with a behemoth cash prize for the winner! Travel to the Cinema to compete before the competition ends. If you’re in a good enough mood and your guitar abilities are up to snuff, you just might take home that cash prize!»
«This two bedroom charmer includes a spacious living room that opens up to the kitchen and dining room. Two large decks, one at the front of the house and one at the back, create intimate spaces for good conversations or a great place to pick up where you left off in your favorite novel.» → «This two bedroom charmer includes a spacious living room that opens up to the kitchen and dining room. Two large decks, one at the front of the house and one at the back, create intimate spaces for good conversations or a great place to pick up where you left off in your favourite novel.»
«{0.SimFirstName}'s team has lost the game with a score of {1.Number} to {2.Number}.» → «{0.SimFirstName}'s team has lost the match with a score of {1.Number} to {2.Number}.»
« (Living)» → «(Living)»
«DeSorrento» → «Ferguson»
«Apparently, {16.SimName} is a some kind of celebrity blogger and {0.SimName}'s a huge fan.  Not only did you get paid for the weird request, but your relationship with {0.SimName} has improved because you kept it a secret.» → «Apparently, {16.SimName} is a some kind of celebrity blogger and {0.SimName}'s a huge fan. Not only did you get paid for the weird request, but your relationship with {0.SimName} has improved because you kept it a secret.»
«From Dutch ovens to dinner bells and every griddle in between, Chuck Wagon cabinets have the storage capacity good chefs need. Plus, their signature built-in grits rack and jerky compartments would make any Cookie jealous.» → «From Dutch ovens to dinner bells and every griddle in between, Chuck Wagon cabinets have the storage capacity good chefs need. Plus, their signature built-in grits rack and jerky compartments would make any biscuit jealous.»
«Use Dry Watercolors» → «Use Dry Watercolours»
«Success!  Or not. {0.SimFirstName} has now thoroughly broken the computer.» → «Success! Or not. {0.SimFirstName} has now thoroughly broken the computer.»
«The plant was full of life before you performed your magic. Now, the plant is wilting and withering before your eyes. The dark aura radiating from the plant can vouch for that!» → «The plant was full of life before you performed your magic. Now, the plant is wilting and withering before your eyes. The dark aura radiating from the plant can vouch for that!»
«“I desperately seek the assistance of a patient adventurer to quiet the bickering of my neighbors. One follows the path of Sin Pah, the other the teachings of Quin Shan Hu. Travel with each to the Scholar’s Garden so that they, and therefore I, shall know peace. There will be a handsome reward for the efforts – {4.SimName} pays all debts.”» → «“I desperately seek the assistance of a patient adventurer to quiet the bickering of my neighbours. One follows the path of Sin Pah, the other the teachings of Quin Shan Hu. Travel with each to the Scholar’s Garden so that they, and therefore I, shall know peace. There will be a handsome reward for the efforts – {4.SimName} pays all debts.”»
«The new line cooks had never tasted Crepes so light and delicious. Your Cooking Skill has improved and the Bistro paid you some cash for the extra effort!» → «The new line cooks had never tasted Crêpes so light and delicious. Your Cooking Skill has improved and the Bistro paid you some cash for the extra effort!»
«A Vampire who loves pink, pop, and lots of it, Emelie missed the memo that encouraged all vampires to embrace a gothic lifestyle. Struggling to accept the vampire lifestyle, Emelie loves a good salad and spending time in the sun. She also finds cuddly and furry animals to be the cutest things in the world! And while her father assumes that the most controversial thing about his bubbly young daughter is her choice in colors, he would never suspect that young Emelie secretly has an unwavering crush on one Waylon Wolff.» → «A Vampire who loves pink, pop, and lots of it, Emelie missed the memo that encouraged all vampires to embrace a gothic lifestyle. Struggling to accept the vampire lifestyle, Emelie loves a good salad and spending time in the sun. She also finds cuddly and furry animals to be the cutest things in the world! And while her father assumes that the most controversial thing about his bubbly young daughter is her choice in colours, he would never suspect that young Emelie secretly has an unwavering crush on one Waylon Wolff.»
«{0.SimFirstName} managed to pick up all the extra mail before she left, and is carrying all of it.» → «{0.SimFirstName} managed to pick up all the extra post before she left, and is carrying all of it.»
«{0.SimFirstName} has just become a Relic Collection Connoisseur.  From now on {0.SimFirstName} will recieve {1.Number}% more mood increase from the wondrous Collection moodlet.» → «{0.SimFirstName} has just become a Relic Collection Connoisseur. From now on {0.SimFirstName} will recieve {1.Number}% more mood increase from the wondrous Collection moodlet.»
«This looks like another Relic with lots of ancient inscriptions and possibly a secret panel.  Best to get it to {2.String} for study.» → «This looks like another Relic with lots of ancient inscriptions and possibly a secret panel. Best to get it to {2.String} for study.»
«Resume Writing and Interview Class» → «CV Writing and Interview Class»
«Feeling the need to dig your claws into something, everything, or anything? Then this is the thing for you! Even though this Scratching Post isn't as fun as say scratching your Sim's favorite piece of furniture or their overly priced and paid for leopard-print area rug, you're content on scratching this post till your claws fall off! Your Cat wants to Scratch the Scratching Post.» → «Feeling the need to dig your claws into something, everything, or anything? Then this is the thing for you! Even though this Scratching Post isn't as fun as say scratching your Sim's favourite piece of furniture or their overly priced and paid for leopard-print area rug, you're content on scratching this post till your claws fall off! Your Cat wants to Scratch the Scratching Post.»
«Edit Sim Favorites» → «Edit Sim Favourites»
«The team definitely could have used you on the field. Most importantly, your career could have used you on the field. Try to get in the game next time!» → «The club definitely could have used you on the pitch. Most importantly, your career could have used you on the pitch. Try to get in the match next time!»
«Rumor has it fierce Llamas used to graze here when the university was founded…» → «Rumour has it fierce Llamas used to graze here when the university was founded…»
«There's a lot of stuff in here!  Clicking the couch icon will open up the right catalog. Pick a couch from there.» → «There's a lot of stuff in here! Clicking the couch icon will open up the right catalogue. Pick a couch from there.»
«City Hall was pleased to see the pile of permission slips promptly placed in the mail slot. Your service to the teacher will not be forgotten. Your school performance has increased!» → «City Hall was pleased to see the pile of permission slips promptly placed in the postal slot. Your service to the teacher will not be forgotten. Your school performance has increased!»
«Catch {0.Number} types of butterflies to become a Butterfly Collector.  Sims with this title are learned in the ways of the insect and will have an easier time finding beetles and butterflies.» → «Catch {0.Number} types of butterflies to become a Butterfly Collector. Sims with this title are learned in the ways of the insect and will have an easier time finding beetles and butterflies.»
«What else do Sims do on a Friday night? Or any night for that matter. Your Sim wants to Go to a Dive Bar. Look for one nearby in Map View.» → «What else do Sims do on a Saturday night? Or any night for that matter. Your Sim wants to Go to a Corner Pub. Look for one nearby in Map View.»
«Play Symphony at the Theatre.» → «Play Symphony at the Cinema.»
«Don't let your friends go hungry! Your Sim want to grab a plate of food and bring it to another Sim.» → «Don't let your friends go hungry! Your Sim wants to grab a plate of food and bring it to another Sim.»
«"Yes, this book describes three powerful relics left here by the old kings of Al Simhara.  There's a lot of information that we can use to track down the final relic.  Luckily I already know where another one is.  Unfortunately so does MorcuCorp!  There’s no time to explain, but you must go to the merchant {2.String} before MorcuCorp’ goons arrive and obtain the Relic of the Sun, which is in the merchant's possession. I’ll explain more later, just go!”» → «"Yes, this book describes three powerful relics left here by the old kings of Al Simhara. There's a lot of information that we can use to track down the final relic. Luckily I already know where another one is. Unfortunately so does MorcuCorp! There’s no time to explain, but you must go to the merchant {2.String} before MorcuCorp’ goons arrive and obtain the Relic of the Sun, which is in the merchant's possession. I’ll explain more later, just go!”»
«Argyle Sinclair has heard much about your deeds as a logical being and challenges you to a chess match at the Theatre. If you feel bold enough to show up in time, you will find a chess opponent who is as cruel as he is brilliant. Good luck!» → «Argyle Sinclair has heard much about your deeds as a logical being and challenges you to a chess match at the Cinema. If you feel bold enough to show up in time, you will find a chess opponent who is as cruel as he is brilliant. Good luck!»
«Colored Popsicle» → «Coloured Popsicle»
«Visiting your Descendants is a fun and rewarding activity for your Sim to do in the future! You can greet your Descendants, hug them, joke about their household size and worth, and learn about your family history. As your relationship with your Descendant improves, you can even ask to stay over at your Descendant’s home!» → «Visiting your Descendants is a fun and rewarding activity for your Sim to do in the future! You can greet your Descendants, hug them, joke about their household size and worth, and learn about your family history. As your relationship with your Descendant improves, you can even ask to stay over at your Descendant’s home!»
«Honorary Citizen (Level 3)» → «Honourary Citizen (Level 3)»
«Floor with a Rotated Center Square and Four Contrasting Rotated Squares» → «Floor with a Rotated Centre Square and Four Contrasting Rotated Squares»
«Have-It-All Entertainment Center» → «Have-It-All Entertainment Centre»
«An inventor is nothing without {MA.his}{FA.her} Scrap. Your Sim wants to collect some Scrap.  Junk yards and trash cans are good places to look or your Sim could just detonate something nearby.» → «An inventor is nothing without {MA.his}{FA.her} Scrap. Your Sim wants to collect some Scrap. Junk yards and waste bins are good places to look or your Sim could just detonate something nearby.»
«{2.SimName} just decided to make a social call to the home of {1.SimName}. {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember spending warm times with good neighbors!» → «{2.SimName} just decided to make a social call to the home of {1.SimName}. {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember spending warm times with good neighbours!»
«This darling Reginald lamp is sure to become an instant classic in your living room. The style is named after a well-known lamp designer’s uncle Reginald, a tall and very thin man who had the habit of standing behind people’s sofas without making any noise for hours.» → «This darling Reginald lamp is sure to become an instant classic in your living room. The style is named after a well-known lamp designer’s uncle Reginald, a tall and very thin lad who had the habit of standing behind people’s sofas without making any noise for hours.»
«Anything worth doing requires a little dirt under the fingernails, at least if you’re a gardener. {0.SimFirstName} should be prepared to fertilize, weed, water, and talk to every plant she encounters. Go forth {0.SimFirstName}, with spade in hand! You now have some seeds in your inventory to plant!» → «Anything worth doing requires a little dirt under the fingernails, at least if you’re a gardener. {0.SimFirstName} should be prepared to Fertilise, weed, water, and talk to every plant she encounters. Go forth {0.SimFirstName}, with spade in hand! You now have some seeds in your inventory to plant!»
«Pumping iron is the fastest way to turn a Sim's body into a muscular machine. Your Sim wants to bulk up! Buy an exercise machine from the Buy Catalog.» → «Pumping iron is the fastest way to turn a Sim's body into a muscular machine. Your Sim wants to bulk up! Buy an exercise machine from the Buy Catalogue.»
«Your contact at City Hall says that events have changed the stalemate of the equipment certification process.  One of the council members, {OpTarget} voting on the equipment's approval is facing a tough re-election campaign right now and could provide the pivotal and popular supporting vote. {OpOwner} should discuss this with {OpTarget}.» → «Your contact at City Hall says that events have changed the stalemate of the equipment certification process. One of the council members, {OpTarget} voting on the equipment's approval is facing a tough re-election campaign right now and could provide the pivotal and popular supporting vote. {OpOwner} should discuss this with {OpTarget}.»
«Perform for Tips on the Pool Table» → «Perform for Tips on the Snooker Table»
«Play Pool With» → «Play Snooker With»
«{2.String} did what?!  I won't stand for this.  Please do not help me with my love life any more!  I can't be helped, but {2.String} can.  There was indeed another keystone in the Relic you previously delivered, and we believe it leads into the Queen's personal chambers at her temple!  If there is proof to be found, it will be found there.  Please go check it out and bring back anything useful to {2.String}.» → «{2.String} did what?! I won't stand for this. Please do not help me with my love life any more! I can't be helped, but {2.String} can. There was indeed another keystone in the Relic you previously delivered, and we believe it leads into the Queen's personal chambers at her temple! If there is proof to be found, it will be found there. Please go check it out and bring back anything useful to {2.String}.»
«Who knew that traveling through magical portals into dangers unknown would be so challenging?! {0.SimName} was not able to find {MA.his}{FA.her} way through the frozen forest, but at least {MA.he}{FA.she} found {MA.his}{FA.her} way back home!» → «Who knew that travelling through magical portals into dangers unknown would be so challenging?! {0.SimName} was not able to find {MA.his}{FA.her} way through the frozen forest, but at least {MA.he}{FA.she} found {MA.his}{FA.her} way back home!»
«The infiltration of the base was an utter and complete success! The military had no idea that it was you wreaking havoc, and they were finally forced to shut their entire system down. You set them back weeks and cost them millions - how diabolical! The Organization, in its delight, has decided to reward you with a cash bonus as well as a raise. It’s little surprise that your accomplices support you more than ever. It truly is a good time to be an evil, evil leader.» → «The infiltration of the base was an utter and complete success! The military had no idea that it was you wreaking havoc, and they were finally forced to shut their entire system down. You set them back weeks and cost them millions - how diabolical! The Organisation, in its delight, has decided to reward you with a cash bonus as well as a raise. It’s little surprise that your accomplices support you more than ever. It truly is a good time to be an evil, evil leader.»
«Visit Fraternity» → «Visit Men's College»
«A cube within a cube with a twist, this table is definitely not for squares.  This kookie table is nothing short of functional art. Be sure to pick up a matching chair so you have somewhere to sit while you eyeball its way-out design.» → «A cube within a cube with a twist, this table is definitely not for squares. This kookie table is nothing short of functional art. Be sure to pick up a matching chair so you have somewhere to sit while you eyeball its way-out design.»
«(From Show At Theatre)» → «(From Show At Cinema)»
«This wagon wheel reproduction has been crafted from its very own piece of timber; lovingly shaved, sheered and carved until all that remained was a pair of perfect wagon wheels.  Remember the past by harvesting our future.» → «This wagon wheel reproduction has been crafted from its very own piece of timber; lovingly shaved, sheered and carved until all that remained was a pair of perfect wagon wheels. Remember the past by harvesting our future.»
«As Leader of the Free World, you should spend some time understanding the culture of other Locations.  Travel to France and chat with the locals to maintain your credibility.» → «As Leader of the Free World, you should spend some time understanding the culture of other Locations. Travel to France and chat with the locals to maintain your credibility.»
«Got on the Honor Roll» → «Got on the Honour Roll»
«Take advantage of the same technology upscale beauty salons have been using for years... the Revita-Lite. Its vitamin-A enriched filament radiates a skin-revitalizing glow that removes both wrinkles and liver spots before they happen.» → «Take advantage of the same technology upscale beauty salons have been using for years... the Revita-Lite. Its vitamin-A enriched filament radiates a skin-revitalising glow that removes both wrinkles and liver spots before they happen.»
«Professional Sculptors work diligently on their craft and desire to make valuable masterpieces.  Whether in clay, wood, or stone, the professional Sculptor aims to finish each piece to perfection and move on to the next big thing.» → «Professional Sculptors work diligently on their craft and desire to make valuable masterpieces. Whether in clay, wood, or stone, the professional Sculptor aims to finish each piece to perfection and move on to the next big thing.»
«My shirt has some mud on it, and I haven’t done laundry in months.  We need to get our own washer and dryer.  Could you build a room for them?» → «My shirt has some mud on it, and I haven’t done laundry in months. We need to get our own washer and dryer. Could you build a room for them?»
«Chamomile» → «Camomile»
«Only the most sneaky and mischievous Sim could pull so many pranks on their neighbors and loved ones. Such an achievement is a moment to remember!» → «Only the most sneaky and mischievous Sim could pull so many pranks on their neighbours and loved ones. Such an achievement is a moment to remember!»
«Your street performance was all over the Internet and generated lots of buzz for your new album!  The label gave you a raise and your job performance has increased.» → «Your street performance was all over the Internet and generated lots of buzz for your new album! The label gave you a raise and your job performance has increased.»
«The bribe goes a long way to earning the support of the local merchants.  As for the information you seek, the people who hate MorcuCorp have established a "secret base" at the edge of town.  I believe {2.String} wants you to inflitrate this base and steal information from their computers.  I consider my effort in this complete.» → «The bribe goes a long way to earning the support of the local merchants. As for the information you seek, the people who hate MorcuCorp have established a "secret base" at the edge of town. I believe {2.String} wants you to inflitrate this base and steal information from their computers. I consider my effort in this complete.»
«The nearby equestrian fanatics have banded together to rent out the local horse ranch.  They've invited all horse owners to bring out their equines and do some jumping.  With all the jumping practice going on {OpOwner}'s horse is bound to learn extra fast!» → «The nearby equestrian fanatics have banded together to rent out the local horse ranch. They've invited all horse owners to bring out their equines and do some jumping. With all the jumping practice going on {OpOwner}'s horse is bound to learn extra fast!»
«Comfort meets opulence in this charming home.  The smart design appears upscale to the neighbors but remains budget-friendly for you!  What more could you ask for?» → «Comfort meets opulence in this charming home. The smart design appears upscale to the neighbours but remains budget-friendly for you! What more could you ask for?»
«LGPL portions of WebKit are Copyright (C) 1997-2009 by Alex Mathews, Alexander Kellett, Alexey  Proskuryakov, Antti  Koivisto, Allan Sandfeld  Jensen, Alp Toker, Anders Carlsson, Andreas Schlapbach, Andrew Wellington, Antti Koivisto, Apple Inc, Bjoern Graf, Cameron Zwarich, Collabora Ltd, Cyrus Patel, Daniel Molkentin, David Faure, David Smith, Dirk Mueller, Dirk Schulze, Eric Seidel, Frederik Holljen, Free Software Foundation Inc, George Staikos, Germain  Garand, Graham Dennis, Gunnstein Lye, Harri Porten, Holger Hans Peter Freyther, Id Software Inc, James G Speth, Jon Shier, Julien Chaffraix, Lars Knoll, Maks Orlovich, Martin Jones, Michael Emmel, mozilla.org, Netscape Communications Corporation, Nicholas Shanks, Nikolas Zimmermann, Nokia Corporation, Oliver Hunt, Peter Kelly, Rob Buis, Sam Lantinga, Samuel Weinig, Stefan Schimanski, Simon Hausmann, Staikos Computing Services Inc, Stefan Schimanski, The Karbon Developers, Tobias Anton, Torben Weis, Torch Mobile Inc, Trolltech ASA, Xan  Lopez, Waldo Bastian, and Zack Rusin.» → «LGPL portions of WebKit are Copyright (C) 1997-2009 by Alex Mathews, Alexander Kellett, Alexey Proskuryakov, Antti Koivisto, Allan Sandfeld Jensen, Alp Toker, Anders Carlsson, Andreas Schlapbach, Andrew Wellington, Antti Koivisto, Apple Inc, Bjoern Graf, Cameron Zwarich, Collabora Ltd, Cyrus Patel, Daniel Molkentin, David Faure, David Smith, Dirk Mueller, Dirk Schulze, Eric Seidel, Frederik Holljen, Free Software Foundation Inc, George Staikos, Germain Garand, Graham Dennis, Gunnstein Lye, Harri Porten, Holger Hans Peter Freyther, Id Software Inc, James G Speth, Jon Shier, Julien Chaffraix, Lars Knoll, Maks Orlovich, Martin Jones, Michael Emmel, mozilla.org, Netscape Communications Corporation, Nicholas Shanks, Nikolas Zimmermann, Nokia Corporation, Oliver Hunt, Peter Kelly, Rob Buis, Sam Lantinga, Samuel Weinig, Stefan Schimanski, Simon Hausmann, Staikos Computing Services Inc, Stefan Schimanski, The Karbon Developers, Tobias Anton, Torben Weis, Torch Mobile Inc, Trolltech ASA, Xan Lopez, Waldo Bastian, and Zack Rusin.»
«{OpSourceFirstName} recently purchased a bouquet of flowers, lovely arrangement, but threw them away. Cold feet? Too nervous to pop the question? Perhaps {OpSourceFirstName} has realized how intense his girlfriend is. I should tell {OpTarget} to back off a bit and ease up.» → «{OpSourceFirstName} recently purchased a bouquet of flowers, lovely arrangement, but threw them away. Cold feet? Too nervous to pop the question? Perhaps {OpSourceFirstName} has realised how intense his girlfriend is. I should tell {OpTarget} to back off a bit and ease up.»
«The Dillinger Diggers Guild\nhereby recognizes\n{0.SimName}\nas having exceptional horticultural achievements and notable skills in the area of gardening.\n\nAwarded: {DateAndTime}, Witnessing Officer: D D Dillinger» → «The Dillinger Diggers Guild\nhereby recognises\n{0.SimName}\nas having exceptional horticultural achievements and notable skills in the area of gardening.\n\nAwarded: {DateAndTime}, Witnessing Officer: D D Dillinger»
«The Sphinx is very regal and mysterious.  Its eyes seem to follow {1.SimFirstName} around.  Perhaps it might be best to continue on to the Ruins of Karnak.» → «The Sphinx is very regal and mysterious. Its eyes seem to follow {1.SimFirstName} around. Perhaps it might be best to continue on to the Ruins of Karnak.»
«Positioned right across the street from the beach, this modern three story house has plenty of windows for you to enjoy the view. This spacious home, with its two-car garage and small pool, is the perfect house in which to enjoy an easy life.» → «Positioned right across the street from the beach, this modern three-floor house has plenty of windows for you to enjoy the view. This spacious home, with its two-car garage and small pool, is the perfect house in which to enjoy an easy life.»
«Learn the recipe for Crepes, cook a serving, then bring it to work to earn a raise.» → «Learn the recipe for Crêpes, cook a serving, then bring it to work to earn a raise.»
«Plants… So leafy, green and full of color. Analyze a plant so your Sim can see just how amazing their photosynthesis abilities are!» → «Plants… So leafy, green and full of colour. Analyse a plant so your Sim can see just how amazing their photosynthesis abilities are!»
«Two Different Colored Eyes» → «Two Different Coloured Eyes»
«Boats cannot be placed without a boat trailer, mooring post, or mooring cleat. Buy one of these from the catalog first. Alternatively, you can click on any of these objects on a community lot and purchase a vehicle directly from them.» → «Boats cannot be placed without a boat trailer, mooring post, or mooring cleat. Buy one of these from the catalogue first. Alternatively, you can click on any of these objects on a community lot and purchase a vehicle directly from them.»
«The concept for the Streetbrite streetlight was created in the height of the night, after a man on his bike had quite a great fright from losing his sight because there was no light.» → «The concept for the Streetbrite streetlight was created in the height of the night, after a lad on his bike had quite a great fright from losing his sight because there was no light.»
«Tour Command Center With Date» → «Tour Command Centre With Date»
«Play Catch With» → «Throw Ball With»
«This home is your own little castle on your own little court.  Live here and live like a king!» → «This home is your own little castle on your own little court. Live here and live like a king!»
«"Dreams.GUGA.Reality" Escape to a world of fun and adventure! GUGA's JoyToy 3 is your family's antidote to a world gone mad with hundreds of emotionally interactive games all ages can enjoy such as MetalBreath 9, DeathSaga, GoreWar, Secret Sniper, and award-winning Blood Buckets 7. WiFi. Sibling blocker. Credit card slot.» → «"Dreams.GUGA.Reality" Escape to a world of fun and adventure! GUGA's JoyToy 3 is your family's antidote to a world gone mad with hundreds of emotionally interactive games all ages can enjoy such as MetalBreath 9, DeathSaga, GoreWar, Secret Sniper, and award-winning Blood Buckets 7. Wi-Fi. Sibling blocker. Debit card slot.»
«The top brass has organized a friendly get together at the {RabbitHoleName} to promote the military’s space mission, and spread awareness about what the military is all about. Go to the {RabbitHoleName} to lend a hand and you’ll earn a cash bonus for your efforts.» → «The top brass has organised a friendly get together at the {RabbitHoleName} to promote the military’s space mission, and spread awareness about what the military is all about. Go to the {RabbitHoleName} to lend a hand and you’ll earn a cash bonus for your efforts.»
«“Play Symphony” at the Theatre before time runs out to earn a cash bonus.» → «“Play Symphony” at the Cinema before time runs out to earn a cash bonus.»
«Are you sure you want to retire? If {0.SimName} retires now she will earn a pension paying {1.Money} per day.» → «Are you sure you want to retire? If {0.SimName} retires now she will earn a pension paying {1.Money} per day.»
«{0.SimFirstName} pitches the raises to the company and they run with the idea. Everyone seems a little happier!  Everyone except his boss who now has to find money in the budget for the raises...» → «{0.SimFirstName} pitches the raises to the company and they run with the idea. Everyone seems a little happier! Everyone except his boss who now has to find money in the budget for the raises...»
«Practice makes perfect, and your Sim will a need a mirror for this kind of practice.» → «Practice makes perfect, and your Sim will need a mirror for this kind of practice.»
«Learning All the Tricks from your Sim has brought forth a new chapter in both your lives. Countless hours of comedic value can now be at your disposal to both Sims and fellow pets alike!» → «Learning All the Tricks from your Sim has brought forth a new chapter in both your lives. Countless hours of comedic value can now be at your disposal to both Sims and fellow pets alike!»
«Sense is born from chaos. The complex patterns of fate become clear. You have developed a new sense that can transcend any of the limits of those tied to your body. With this Sight, you will see many things -- other places, the future, the past, old friends long gone. As a Traveler of Time and Space, you can offer genuine guidance to those who need it -- a service many will pay handsomely for!» → «Sense is born from chaos. The complex patterns of fate become clear. You have developed a new sense that can transcend any of the limits of those tied to your body. With this Sight, you will see many things — other places, the future, the past, old friends long gone. As a Traveller of Time and Space, you can offer genuine guidance to those who need it — a service many will pay handsomely for!»
«Hogan’s Deep Sea Diner» → «Hogan’s Deep Sea Eatery»
«Wall with Fancy High Panels and Thin Molding» → «Wall with Fancy High Panels and Thin Moulding»
«HOLD ON! You're not logged in!\n\nIt is recommended that you be online and logged into your profile while you play The Sims™ 3, in order to take advantage of these features and more!\n\nEarn badges through Achievements! Socialize and share Sims with friends! Access to The Sims™ 3 Store and Exchange!\n\n What do you want to do?» → «HOLD ON! You're not logged in!\n\nIt is recommended that you be online and logged into your profile while you play The Sims™ 3, in order to take advantage of these features and more!\n\nEarn badges through Achievements! Socialise and share Sims with friends! Access to The Sims™ 3 Store and Exchange!\n\n What do you want to do?»
«Sir Bricks-a-lot Jr, from the same folks that brought you Sir Bricks-a-lot.  What could be more fun than a brick?  Nothing!  Sir Bricks-a-lot Jr, the cuddly wubbly brick for the whole family.  Now with 50% more wubbly!» → «Sir Bricks-a-lot Jr, from the same folks that brought you Sir Bricks-a-lot. What could be more fun than a brick? Nothing! Sir Bricks-a-lot Jr, the cuddly wubbly brick for the whole family. Now with 50% more wubbly!»
«Built on stilts to take advantage of a steep property, this contemporary house features outstanding city views, twin bedrooms, and multiple view decks.  You’ll hardly notice that traffic winds around 3 sides of the house.» → «Built on stilts to take advantage of a steep property, this contemporary house features outstanding city views, twin bedrooms, and multiple view decks. You’ll hardly notice that traffic winds around 3 sides of the house.»
«Wall with Multi-Colored Circles» → «Wall with Multi-Coloured Circles»
«{0.SimFirstName} decides to keep the employee. His co-workers hear through the rumor mill and are very relieved!» → «{0.SimFirstName} decides to keep the employee. His co-workers hear through the rumour mill and are very relieved!»
«Other communities have perfected a food drying technique that the Hospital wants to investigate for potential health benefits.  Bring some Pemmican to work for this research.» → «Other communities have perfected a food drying technique that the Hospital wants to investigate for potential health benefits. Bring some Pemmican to work for this research.»
«The Editor doesn’t have room on the payroll to give you a permanent position, but she values your skills as a Freelance Writer. You’ll need to bring in some great scoops to progress, because there’s a long line of writers all competing for the same few inches of the front page.» → «The Editor doesn’t have room on the payroll to give you a permanent position, but she values your skills as a Freelance Writer. You’ll need to bring in some great scoops to progress, because there’s a long line of writers all competing for the same few centimetres of the front page.»
«Travel Parties with a Prepared Traveler in the group can stay in locations longer.» → «Travel Parties with a Prepared Traveller in the group can stay in locations longer.»
«Plumbot competitions are meticulously organized affairs, with every detail and possibility accounted for. Your Sim wants to oversee one of these mammoth productions.» → «Plumbot competitions are meticulously organised affairs, with every detail and possibility accounted for. Your Sim wants to oversee one of these mammoth productions.»
«Subway Glances» → «Underground Metro Glances»
«City Hall has reported a “problem” with several of the polling machines and needs you to “fix” them quickly before the election begins! If you manage to repair the machines in time the City will allocate a portion of the budget to pay you for the work.» → «City Hall has reported a problem with several of the budget machines and needs you to fix them quickly before the parliamentary session begins! If you manage to repair the machines in time the City will allocate a portion of the budget to pay you for the work.»
«Witness a weird tremble in the community? Earthquakes are prone to occur in times like these! Search around the neighborhood via Map Tag to see if fellow Sims need to be rescued. Be aware that foundations may be unstable, and some assistance in moving rubble may be needed. Search around each emergency site before moving on to the next emergency.» → «Witness a weird tremble in the community? Earthquakes are prone to occur in times like these! Search around the neighbourhood via Map Tag to see if fellow Sims need to be rescued. Be aware that foundations may be unstable, and some assistance in moving rubble may be needed. Search around each emergency site before moving on to the next emergency.»
«There are two types of fire: small fires and large fires.  Small fires are the most basic emergencies, like kitchen fires. Your Sim will be able to put out a small fire in no time. Large fires, on the other hand, are a bit more challenging.  Some Sims may be attached to their home and may need some convincing to leave the premises. Other Sims might need to be rescued. Break down doors or fire hose down window fires to rescue Sims from the blaze.» → «There are two types of fire: small fires and large fires. Small fires are the most basic emergencies, like kitchen fires. Your Sim will be able to put out a small fire in no time. Large fires, on the other hand, are a bit more challenging. Some Sims may be attached to their home and may need some convincing to leave the premises. Other Sims might need to be rescued. Break down doors or fire hose down window fires to rescue Sims from the blaze.»
«Within This Neighborhood» → «Within This Neighbourhood»
«Be Taken Care of By Daycare Provider» → «Be Taken Care of By Nursery Provider»
«“Help Organize Music” at the Bookstore before time runs out to earn some money.» → «“Help Organise Music” at the Bookstore before time runs out to earn some money.»
«A dog never really needs an excuse to dig… and somehow it usually seems to be in the middle of your prize garden.  To stave off your anger--and to prove that there was some method to the madness--your dog wants to Dig Up Something.» → «A dog never really needs an excuse to dig… and somehow it usually seems to be in the middle of your prize garden. To stave off your anger—and to prove that there was some method to the madness—your dog wants to Dig Up Something.»
«This little gnome summons his mystical powers to take center-stage. A great addition to the living room or stage.» → «This little gnome summons his mystical powers to take centre-stage. A great addition to the living room or stage.»
«Restaurant meals will be on the house. Tips and tax included!» → «Restaurant meals will be on the house. Tips and VAT included!»
«Great job! The Mayor’s office is delighted to see so many students working diligently to improve education and the town’s appearance to outside communities. Enjoy the cash while sitting happily on the honor roll.» → «Great job! The Mayor’s office is delighted to see so many students working diligently to improve education and the town’s appearance to outside communities. Enjoy the cash while sitting happily on the honour roll.»
«Many a teen has phoned their high school crush aside the soft glow of the Late Night Love Lamp. Its welcoming beams encourage even the most nervous of romantically minded teens and lights the way for deft fingers to dial digits in hopes of a classic "no you hang up first" stand-off.» → «Many a teen has phoned their secondary school crush aside the soft glow of the Late Night Love Lamp. Its welcoming beams encourage even the most nervous of romantically minded teens and lights the way for deft fingers to dial digits in hopes of a classic "no you hang up first" stand-off.»
«While out in the woods on a typical dull Moonlight Falls day, Bailey came across a vampire. Her initial thought: this is the best town EVER! For Bailey, it’s like something right out of her favorite fantasy novels. Imagine getting to know actual vampires, werewolves, and fairies! At first she wanted anything but to move to Moonlight Falls but now she never wants to leave! In a place like this, even a plain, clumsy girl like her could make a love connection with one of these fantastic Sims, right? Well, if her dad, Chester, ever leaves her alone for two seconds that is…» → «While out in the woods on a typical dull Moonlight Falls day, Bailey came across a vampire. Her initial thought: this is the best town EVER! For Bailey, it’s like something right out of her favourite fantasy novels. Imagine getting to know actual vampires, werewolves, and fairies! At first she wanted anything but to move to Moonlight Falls but now she never wants to leave! In a place like this, even a plain, clumsy girl like her could make a love connection with one of these fantastic Sims, right? Well, if her dad, Chester, ever leaves her alone for two seconds that is…»
«Perez» → «Pérez»
«Bright blue flowers and dark green foliage make this hardy evergreen a colorful groundcover to use in landscaping.» → «Bright blue flowers and dark green foliage make this hardy evergreen a colourful groundcover to use in landscaping.»
«Renowned florist Chelle created this vibrant arrangement to symbolize an abstract representation of a lady’s hair after a night on the town. She didn’t hold back, and the striking colors will be the focal point of any elegant room. Bold and beautiful in its design, make a statement with the Belle of the Ball.» → «Renowned florist Chelle created this vibrant arrangement to symbolise an abstract representation of a lady’s hair after a night on the town. She didn’t hold back, and the striking colours will be the focal point of any elegant room. Bold and beautiful in its design, make a statement with the Belle of the Ball.»
«Excellent!  To rotate the camera, click and hold the middle mouse button and move the mouse left and right.  Try it now.» → «Excellent! To rotate the camera, click and hold the middle mouse button and move the mouse left and right. Try it now.»
«The ticket purchase period is over for today's drawing.  Come back soon to purchase tickets for the next Lotto drawing.» → «The ticket purchase period is over for today's drawing. Come back soon to purchase tickets for the next Lotto drawing.»
«{1.SimFirstName} was so honored to have such a tasty beverage named in {MB.his}{FB.her} honor!» → «{1.SimFirstName} was so honoured to have such a tasty beverage named in {MB.his}{FB.her} honour!»
«Garlic Fries» → «Garlic Chips»
«Sugar Cookie» → «Sugar Biscuit»
«Fish tend to lead rather interesting lives living under the sea and in aquariums. Your Sim wants to analyze a fish to learn how fishy they are.» → «Fish tend to lead rather interesting lives living under the sea and in aquariums. Your Sim wants to analyse a fish to learn how fishy they are.»
«Oasis Landing Community Hospital & Science Center» → «Oasis Landing Community Hospital & Science Centre»
«{0.SimFirstName} is too scared to risk messing with traps right now!  Take some time off outside or back in a safe area, and wait for {0.SimFirstName}'s Fear moodlet to go away!» → «{0.SimFirstName} is too scared to risk messing with traps right now! Take some time off outside or back in a safe area, and wait for {0.SimFirstName}'s Fear moodlet to go away!»
«Success! {2.String} will be traveling the world in no time and has almost a good deal as {1.SimFirstName} who has already traveled the world! Now return to {2.String} in France to be rewarded.» → «Success! {2.String} will be travelling the world in no time and has almost a good deal as {1.SimFirstName} who has already travelled the world! Now return to {2.String} in France to be rewarded.»
«It may look like the inside of a crate, but this behemoth is taking the art world by storm.  With an easy swivel base and a durable plywood frame,  the station takes care of everything so you can concentrate on being a sculpting savant.» → «It may look like the inside of a crate, but this behemoth is taking the art world by storm. With an easy swivel base and a durable plywood frame, the station takes care of everything so you can concentrate on being a sculpting savant.»
«A plain black amp is a thing of the past.  This one is customizable via a secret channel on Das Kauker guitar.» → «A plain black amp is a thing of the past. This one is customisable via a secret channel on Das Kauker guitar.»
«Twinbrook is famous for many things, not least of which is its refreshing ice-brewed Twinbock ginger ale bottled right at the source. Show your love for Twinbock with this vintage tavern sign.  How else will a thirsty traveler know to stop by?» → «Twinbrook is famous for many things, not least of which is its refreshing ice-brewed Twinbock ginger ale bottled right at the source. Show your love for Twinbock with this vintage tavern sign. How else will a thirsty traveller know to stop by?»
«Pre-Game Warm Up» → «Pre-Match Warm Up»
«Last night, the {1.String} household welcomed a healthy 7.5 pound baby boy named {0.SimFirstName} to the household. The child is now resting at home comfortably.» → «Last night, the {1.String} household welcomed a healthy 7.5 pound (3.4kg) baby boy named {0.SimFirstName} to the household. The child is now resting at home comfortably.»
«For once, you’ve shown you’re good enough to not be picked dead last. The rookie year is hard though, especially with the manager tracking statistics and holding your losses against you. Train hard to win games, or prepare to pack your bags back to the minor leagues.» → «For once, you’ve shown you’re good enough to not be picked dead last. The rookie year is hard though, especially with the manager tracking statistics and holding your losses against you. Train hard to win matches, or prepare to pack your bags back to the lower divisions.»
«Enter the Treasure Halls of Karnak, enter the locked area and find the special Relic  to earn some Ancient Coins and the adulation of the locals.» → «Enter the Treasure Halls of Karnak, enter the locked area and find the special Relic to earn some Ancient Coins and the adulation of the locals.»
«{1.SimFirstName} was so close and to drop the Relic like that just means they'll need to redeliver it again.  Hopefully they can!» → «{1.SimFirstName} was so close and to drop the Relic like that just means they'll need to redeliver it again. Hopefully they can!»
« Masterful Rotational Pull» → «Masterful Rotational Pull»
«This high school coach turned sports administrator is livin' large in life. When the county approved funds for a world class indoor sports facility, he suddenly found himself in charge of a lot more than a rag-tag group of country kids. It's not just his career that's on the rise, because coming home to Juanita each night is any jock's dream. Can Barrington keep playing this hot hand, or will success catch up to him?» → «This under-17s coach turned sports administrator is livin' large in life. When the county approved funds for a world class indoor sports facility, he suddenly found himself in charge of a lot more than a rag-tag group of country kids. It's not just his career that's on the rise, because coming home to Juanita each night is any jock's dream. Can Barrington keep playing this hot hand, or will success catch up to him?»
«The Local Organization for Excellence in Tiny Print and Journalism is holding a seminar titled “Jingoism Forever.” Visit {RabbitHoleName} to improve your relationship with co-workers and learn ways to improve your job performance.» → «The Local Organisation for Excellence in Tiny Print and Journalism is holding a seminar titled “Jingoism Forever.” Visit {RabbitHoleName} to improve your relationship with co-workers and learn ways to improve your job performance.»
«Attend Free Game at the Stadium.» → «Attend Free Match at the Stadium.»
«Have your Vice President Sim be friends with their boss» → «Have your Deputy Prime Minister Sim be friends with their boss»
«This coffee table is stylish enough for a princess, but still sturdy enough to survive the abuses of a gaggle of sons. With a glass top that has plenty of room for holding anything --from knitted shirts, to bird cages, to vases of nettles--this coffee table is perfect for a family room. Its silent, understated beauty makes it a wonderful addition to any decor.» → «This coffee table is stylish enough for a princess, but still sturdy enough to survive the abuses of a gaggle of sons. With a glass top that has plenty of room for holding anything —from knitted shirts, to bird cages, to vases of nettles—this coffee table is perfect for a family room. Its silent, understated beauty makes it a wonderful addition to any decor.»
«If your item sells, your Sim will receive payment for the goods. Items that don’t sell will be sent back in the mail.» → «If your item sells, your Sim will receive payment for the goods. Items that don’t sell will be sent back in the post.»
«{0.SimFirstName} has tapped the mind of {1.SimFirstName} and discovered several interesting things.\nFavorite food: {2.String}\nFavorite music: {3.String}\nFavorite color: {4.String}» → «{0.SimFirstName} has tapped the mind of {1.SimFirstName} and discovered several interesting things.\nFavourite food: {2.String}\nFavourite music: {3.String}\nFavourite colour: {4.String}»
«Create a Style is a powerful way to customize nearly everything in The Sims 3.Would you like to learn more about Create a Style?» → «Create a Style is a powerful way to customise nearly everything in The Sims 3.Would you like to learn more about Create a Style?»
«A wide, sturdy base stabilizes the stars while you peer through this fine telescope. Equipped with a precision tuning handle, Perseus picks out the tiniest specks from the firmament.» → «A wide, sturdy base stabilises the stars while you peer through this fine telescope. Equipped with a precision tuning handle, Perseus picks out the tiniest specks from the firmament.»
«Without peer, {0.SimFirstName} is in charge.  What needed to be done was done. Leaders fall and others step in to take their place, as is inevitable. Within The Organization you are known only as The Leader. Outside these walls... the Emperor of Evil. The Leader of the Free World may think justice will prevail, but that time has passed! A new age has dawned!» → «Without peer, {0.SimFirstName} is in charge. What needed to be done was done. Leaders fall and others step in to take their place, as is inevitable. Within The Organisation you are known only as The Leader. Outside these walls... the Emperor of Evil. The Leader of the Free World may think justice will prevail, but that time has passed! A new age has dawned!»
«Catalog» → «Catalogue»
«After weeks of planning, waiting, and plotting, The Organization is ready to follow you in an incredibly diabolical plan! You must move in on the Military Base to take control of the satellites, space system, and air force—but you must move quickly! Your athleticism must be sharpened to a fine degree, your accomplices behind you every step of the way, and your attitude bold and inspiring. To the Military Base!» → «After weeks of planning, waiting, and plotting, The Organisation is ready to follow you in an incredibly diabolical plan! You must move in on the Military Base to take control of the satellites, space system, and air force—but you must move quickly! Your athleticism must be sharpened to a fine degree, your accomplices behind you every step of the way, and your attitude bold and inspiring. To the Military Base!»
«Talk to the Time Traveler.» → «Talk to the Time Traveller.»
«What a scare. The famous critic, Francois Landgraab came into the restaurant and demanded a meal fit for a king. Everyone ran but {0.SimFirstName}, who did his best and came up with a tasty new twist to an old favorite. The critic has been appeased and {0.SimFirstName} gets a raise for his efforts!» → «What a scare. The famous critic, Francois Landgraab came into the restaurant and demanded a meal fit for a king. Everyone ran but {0.SimFirstName}, who did his best and came up with a tasty new twist to an old favourite. The critic has been appeased and {0.SimFirstName} gets a raise for his efforts!»
«The special Relic has been acquired.  Now {1.SimFirstName} just has to escape the Halls of Karnak and return to the merchant.» → «The special Relic has been acquired. Now {1.SimFirstName} just has to escape the Halls of Karnak and return to the merchant.»
«Ask {1.SimFirstName} on Date to Theatre» → «Ask {1.SimFirstName} on Date to Cinema»
«Without the PKE meter, you couldn’t take any readings.  You tried to convince the Lab that the meter had suspiciously disappeared but they were skeptical…» → «Without the PKE meter, you couldn’t take any readings. You tried to convince the Lab that the meter had suspiciously disappeared but they were skeptical…»
«This Big Park is best used when placed in the world of Hidden Springs -- The name says it all. This spot is perfect for a family gathering or a picnic.» → «This Big Park is best used when placed in the world of Hidden Springs — The name says it all. This spot is perfect for a family gathering or a picnic.»
«Visions of Silicon: My  Life in a Dreampod» → «Visions of Silicon: My Life in a Dreampod»
«If the Rumors are True, I'm Pretty Excited About» → «If the Rumours are True, I'm Pretty Excited About»
«Enter the Equestrian Center with a household Horse to get a significant boost to riding and jumping skill.» → «Enter the Equestrian Centre with a household Horse to get a significant boost to riding and jumping skill.»
«{2.SimName} has had {MC.his}{FC.her} daycare license suspended because a child died under {MC.his}{FC.her} care.  Attend class at City Hall to lift the suspension.» → «{2.SimName} has had {MC.his}{FC.her} nursery license suspended because a child died under {MC.his}{FC.her} care. Attend class at City Hall to lift the suspension.»
«Every year it’s a good idea to recognize the date when your Sim went from being a singular person to one half of a greater whole. Your Sim is looking forward to seeing that special date on the calendar.» → «Every year it’s a good idea to recognise the date when your Sim went from being a singular person to one half of a greater whole. Your Sim is looking forward to seeing that special date on the calendar.»
«The Sim Star Tabloid is holding their annual weeklong marketing event at {OpTarget}. They would be honored if {OpOwner} would consider playing for some part of it.» → «The Sim Star Tabloid is holding their annual weeklong marketing event at {OpTarget}. They would be honoured if {OpOwner} would consider playing for some part of it.»
«This is the fabled Cursed Sarcophagus of the Kings!  It is rumored to have magical properties bestowed upon it by ancient spirits...» → «This is the fabled Cursed Sarcophagus of the Kings! It is rumoured to have magical properties bestowed upon it by ancient spirits...»
«Organize Betting Pool» → «Organise Betting Pool»
«{0.String} just realized he's getting old! A nice, cheerful Sing-A-Gram would be a lot cheaper than a sports car. See if you can help him through his midlife crisis.» → «{0.String} just realised he's getting old! A nice, cheerful Sing-A-Gram would be a lot cheaper than a sports car. See if you can help him through his midlife crisis.»
«Watching a bird flutter around its cage can be very relaxing--and occasionally quite funny! Your Sim thinks it would be fun to watch a bird.» → «Watching a bird flutter around its cage can be very relaxing—and occasionally quite funny! Your Sim thinks it would be fun to watch a bird.»
«With the power of seven past generation machines, Console 7 is gigabytes of interactive fun.  Video gaming is more than a fanciful hobby, it’s a serious obligation and Guga Electronics incorporates some equally serious specifications on this platform.  Expect plenty of launch parties for this gaming breakthrough.» → «With the power of seven past generation machines, Console 7 is gigabytes of interactive fun. Video gaming is more than a fanciful hobby, it’s a serious obligation and Guga Electronics incorporates some equally serious specifications on this platform. Expect plenty of launch parties for this gaming breakthrough.»
«Missing {0.String}. Fish can be caught in different bodies of water, like ponds, lakes, oceans. Some fish can be bought from a grocery store.» → «Missing {0.String}. Fish can be caught in different bodies of water, like ponds, lakes, oceans. Some fish can be bought from a supermarket.»
«Tour Theatre With Pack» → «Tour Cinema With Pack»
«{0.String} just realized she's getting old! A nice, cheerful Sing-A-Gram would be a lot cheaper than plastic surgery. See if you can help her through her midlife crisis.» → «{0.String} just realised she's getting old! A nice, cheerful Sing-A-Gram would be a lot cheaper than plastic surgery. See if you can help her through her midlife crisis.»
«{1.SimFirstName} has picked up the Relic of Life.  Now would be a good time to head out before MorcuCorp gets here.» → «{1.SimFirstName} has picked up the Relic of Life. Now would be a good time to head out before MorcuCorp gets here.»
«It's no use having broken objects in any home, which is just as important for your Sim's neighbors. Your Sim wants to lend a helping hand and repair a neighbor's broken object if called.» → «It's no use having broken objects in any home, which is just as important for your Sim's neighbours. Your Sim wants to lend a helping hand and repair a neighbour's broken object if called.»
«{0.SimFirstName} is a Savvy Sculptor, which means his sculptures will rank among the town's best.  (Hover over any trait in the Simology panel to see more benefits.)» → «{0.SimFirstName} is a Savvy Sculptor, which means his sculptures will rank among the town's best. (Hover over any trait in the Simology panel to see more benefits.)»
«Honored Philanthropist» → «Honoured Philanthropist»
«Encourage good hygiene by installing the Soaporific Cleanliness Device in your bathroom. The generous reservoir stands waiting for you to fill it with nuclear pink soap. Enjoy the best in soap dispensing devices employed by truck stops all over the country!» → «Encourage good hygiene by installing the Soaporific Cleanliness Device in your bathroom. The generous reservoir stands waiting for you to fill it with nuclear pink soap. Enjoy the best in soap dispensing devices employed by lorry stops all over the country!»
«No authorization is detected for this EA product on this computer.  Contact EA Customer Support if you have questions.» → «No authorisation is detected for this EA product on this computer. Contact EA Customer Support if you have questions.»
«Volumizing Fog…» → «Volumising Fog…»
«Coloring Leaves…» → «Colouring Leaves…»
«The Bedlingtons are just the sort of new money the residents of Appaloosa Plains frown upon, having come to live in the country with no real respect for the land. Bertram is rarely seen out of his tweed button down vest, with Buckley close at his heels. Along with his wife Patricia, they love the beautiful outdoor vistas found along the river's edge, but as they enter the twilight of their lives they care little for any manner of preservation. Were their eyesight better they may notice the angry glares of neighbors as they zip down the driveway in their gas guzzler, even if it's doubtful they'd give someone else's considerations a second thought.» → «The Bedlingtons are just the sort of new money the residents of Appaloosa Plains frown upon, having come to live in the country with no real respect for the land. Bertram is rarely seen out of his tweed button down vest, with Buckley close at his heels. Along with his wife Patricia, they love the beautiful outdoor vistas found along the river's edge, but as they enter the twilight of their lives they care little for any manner of preservation. Were their eyesight better they may notice the angry glares of neighbours as they zip down the driveway in their petrol guzzler, even if it's doubtful they'd give someone else's considerations a second thought.»
«Awesome Concert!  {0.SimFirstName} just got paid {1.Money} big bucks for that performance!» → «Awesome Concert! {0.SimFirstName} just got paid {1.Money} big bucks for that performance!»
«Mooches can mooch food and money from their neighbors, who for the most part just go along with it.» → «Mooches can mooch food and money from their neighbours, who for the most part just go along with it.»
«Go to the Science Center to complete this opportunity.» → «Go to the Science Centre to complete this opportunity.»
«Nashira» → «Nashira»
«Mips» → «Mips»
«Kavanaugh» → «Nobunaga»
« Fabulous, Darling Mirror» → «Fabulous, Darling Mirror»
«Make the World Colorful» → «Make the World Colourful»
«Your Sim seeks a promotion, because the current title and pay grade just won't cut it! Your Sim should butter up the  boss and ask for a promotion.» → «Your Sim seeks a promotion, because the current title and pay grade just won't cut it! Your Sim should butter up the boss and ask for a promotion.»
«When someone close passes, it's nice to take the time to honor their memory.» → «When someone close passes, it's nice to take the time to honour their memory.»
«“Perform with Symphony” before time runs out at the Theatre to earn some money.» → «“Perform with Symphony” before time runs out at the Cinema to earn some money.»
«{0.SimFirstName} took two swipes at her tournament opponent. The crowd cheers as both knights circle each other, just looking for an opening in their opposite's defense.» → «{0.SimFirstName} took two swipes at her tournament opponent. The crowd cheers as both knights circle each other, just looking for an opening in their opposite's defence.»
«The more you talk to a Sim, the more you'll learn about them!  Check out the Known Info panel to see a Sim's traits, career, and relationship status.» → «The more you talk to a Sim, the more you'll learn about them! Check out the Known Info panel to see a Sim's traits, career, and relationship status.»
«Look in the top left corner of your screen when socializing with another Sim to see how well the conversation is going. Other Sims might think your Sim is friendly, funny, boring, or maybe even rude! \n\nThe green bar tells you how good or bad the overall relationship is between the two Sims. Some socials require a high relationship to succeed!» → «Look in the top left corner of your screen when socialising with another Sim to see how well the conversation is going. Other Sims might think your Sim is friendly, funny, boring, or maybe even rude! \n\nThe green bar tells you how good or bad the overall relationship is between the two Sims. Some socials require a high relationship to succeed!»
«No surgeries were scheduled today, so {0.SimFirstName} went to play a little indoor putt putt down the hall from the Emergency Room with fellow surgeons. Naturally, well paid surgeons tend to enjoy a friendly wager from time-to-time, so the casual putt putt quickly became a profitable venture when {0.SimFirstName} sunk a 20 foot putt into the bedpan to clinch the title!» → «No surgeries were scheduled today, so {0.SimFirstName} went to play a little indoor putt putt down the hall from the Emergency Room with fellow surgeons. Naturally, well paid surgeons tend to enjoy a friendly wager from time-to-time, so the casual putt putt quickly became a profitable venture when {0.SimFirstName} sunk a 6m putt into the bedpan to clinch the title!»
«The shop owner crumbled like a two-day old crumb cake. {MC.He's}{FC.She's} been selling car parts in the back room of the store -- our town's very own chop shop. {MC.He}{FC.She} handed me what's left of the car and {MC.his}{FC.her} dignity as well as a refund. I should give the client the refund to finish the case.» → «The shop owner crumbled like a two-day old crumb cake. {MC.He's}{FC.She's} been selling car parts in the back room of the store — our town's very own chop shop. {MC.He}{FC.She} handed me what's left of the car and {MC.his}{FC.her} dignity as well as a refund. I should give the client the refund to finish the case.»
«Localization Senior Testers» → «Localisation Senior Testers»
«Andrei spent his youth traveling the world enjoying water sports. This place was always his favorite, so he decided to retire here.» → «Andrei spent his youth travelling the world enjoying water sports. This place was always his favorite, so he decided to retire here.»
«Sweet Talkers are the best suck-ups in school, at work, or even when complimenting their friends and neighbors. They love to flatter and are very good at it.» → «Sweet Talkers are the best suck-ups in school, at work, or even when complimenting their friends and neighbours. They love to flatter and are very good at it.»
«The Supermarket wants to sell local grown Plums, but first they must evaluate samples from various growers. They’ve asked you to bring in a small quantity of Excellent quality Plums ones from your garden.» → «The Supermarket wants to sell local grown Plums, but first they must evaluate samples from various growers. They’ve asked you to bring in a small quantity of Excellent quality Plums ones from your garden.»
«A highway chase is about to happen, but {0.SimFirstName} must first obtain a vehicle.» → «A motorway chase is about to happen, but {0.SimFirstName} must first obtain a vehicle.»
«Don't tell anyone but we snuck into a neighboring resort to try our luck with firewalking. I wish our hotel had one.» → «Don't tell anyone but we snuck into a neighbouring resort to try our luck with firewalking. I wish our hotel had one.»
«Synthesized food has come a long way from its bland, unappetizing origins. Your Sim wants to take synthesized cuisine to the next level.» → «Synthesized food has come a long way from its bland, unappetising origins. Your Sim wants to take synthesized cuisine to the next level.»
«Once in Create a Sim, customize your Sim's hair and makeup however you'd like. Make sure the lock icon is set to unlocked if you want this hair and makeup to only apply to the current outfit. Then select the "Accept" button at the bottom of the screen. Voila! Your Sim is now ready to go to work in their snazzy new duds.» → «Once in Create a Sim, customise your Sim's hair and makeup however you'd like. Make sure the lock icon is set to unlocked if you want this hair and makeup to only apply to the current outfit. Then select the "Accept" button at the bottom of the screen. Voila! Your Sim is now ready to go to work in their snazzy new duds.»
«When in Create A Sim, choose the Career panel to see available career outfits. The default career outfit cannot be edited, but selecting the + button will add a second and third custom outfit. Customize the additional outfits however you'd like, then select the "Accept" button at the bottom of the screen. Whichever career outfit your Sim is wearing when you choose "Accept" will be the outfit they automatically spin into when going to work.» → «When in Create A Sim, choose the Career panel to see available career outfits. The default career outfit cannot be edited, but selecting the + button will add a second and third custom outfit. Customise the additional outfits however you'd like, then select the "Accept" button at the bottom of the screen. Whichever career outfit your Sim is wearing when you choose "Accept" will be the outfit they automatically spin into when going to work.»
«Once your Sim has the right clothes, it's time to choose the right hair and makeup. First, put your Sim into the career outfit you want to continue customizing by clicking on your Sim and selecting "Change Outfit" from the pie menu. Pick the appropriate career outfit from the outfit picker.» → «Once your Sim has the right clothes, it's time to choose the right hair and makeup. First, put your Sim into the career outfit you want to continue customising by clicking on your Sim and selecting "Change Outfit" from the pie menu. Pick the appropriate career outfit from the outfit picker.»
«The Fortune Cookie Maker is full of cookies!» → «The Fortune Cookie Maker is full of biscuits!»
«You got the job! Everyone’s really excited to see if your amateur athletic feats turn into some incredible game winning moments for the local professional sports team. Enjoy your starting bonuses!» → «You got the job! Everyone’s really excited to see if your amateur athletic feats turn into some incredible match winning moments for the local professional sports club. Enjoy your starting bonuses!»
«Its well known that a cook can be entirely judged by their Stir-fry.  Bring a serving of Stir-fry to work to show off the dimensions of your culinary prowess. Your Boss has a weakness for Chinese food and will reward you with a raise.» → «Its well known that a cook can be entirely judged by their Stir-fry. Bring a serving of Stir-fry to work to show off the dimensions of your culinary prowess. Your Boss has a weakness for Chinese food and will reward you with a raise.»
«SAM-7 Drink Synthesizer Unit» → «SAM-7 Drink Synthesiser Unit»
«Recovered during the recent dredging of the East River, these authentic milk barrels from the early ‘20s can now be yours.  Be the first to re-open these treasures from the past.» → «Recovered during the recent dredging of the East River, these authentic milk barrels from the early 1920‘s can now be yours. Be the first to re-open these treasures from the past.»
«The Bass Awareness Association heard that {OpOwner} has recently  taken up the instrument. Their main goal is to make Sims aware of the bass and, once aware, to encourage them not make fun of it. They'd like {OpOwner} to go play the bass in public. Any tips {MA.he}{FA.she} earns are {MA.his}{FA.hers} to keep. Just report back to {OpTarget} when {MA.he}{FA.she}'s done.» → «The Bass Awareness Association heard that {OpOwner} has recently taken up the instrument. Their main goal is to make Sims aware of the bass and, once aware, to encourage them not make fun of it. They'd like {OpOwner} to go play the bass in public. Any tips {MA.he}{FA.she} earns are {MA.his}{FA.hers} to keep. Just report back to {OpTarget} when {MA.he}{FA.she}'s done.»
«Deliver Cookies» → «Deliver Biscuits»
«Oh no!  A fight has broken out between the pastry chef and the saucier over who used the last of the catsup!  Should {0.SimFirstName} try to stop or just watch like everyone else?» → «Oh no! A fight has broken out between the pastry chef and the saucier over who used the last of the catsup! Should {0.SimFirstName} try to stop or just watch like everyone else?»
«Default Career Outfits cannot be edited. To customize your career look, add an additional outfit.» → «Default Career Outfits cannot be edited. To customise your career look, add an additional outfit.»
«All your hard work is paying off and you’ve nearly reached the top of your profession. Foreign fashion magazines are clamoring for your predictions on next season’s trends. Customers are arriving from all over the world hoping to acquire a few hours of your time to help them pick shades of eye shadow. Keep your colors from clashing and your foundations well blended and you’ll soon be at the top!» → «All your hard work is paying off and you’ve nearly reached the top of your profession. Foreign fashion magazines are clamoring for your predictions on next season’s trends. Customers are arriving from all over the world hoping to acquire a few hours of your time to help them pick shades of eye shadow. Keep your colours from clashing and your foundations well blended and you’ll soon be at the top!»
«You’re the must-have stylist of the season and your services come at a premium. Sims line up for your top of the beehive to the soles of the platform shoes makeovers. You are featured in fashion magazines world wide. Your color combinations are setting trends for Sims in faraway locales.» → «You’re the must-have stylist of the season and your services come at a premium. Sims line up for your top of the beehive to the soles of the platform shoes makeovers. You are featured in fashion magazines world wide. Your colour combinations are setting trends for Sims in faraway locales.»
«You are now known in neighboring towns for your keen color combinations and your daring hairstyle modifications. When discerning Sims are looking for fashion advice they come flocking to you. With a little bit of time and some sumptuous lipstick shades you’ll transform everyday drab Sims into fashion icons!» → «You are now known in neighbouring towns for your keen colour combinations and your daring hairstyle modifications. When discerning Sims are looking for fashion advice they come flocking to you. With a little bit of time and some sumptuous lipstick shades you’ll transform everyday drab Sims into fashion icons!»
«WooHoo in the Gypsy Caravan» → «WooHoo in the Fortune Caravan»
«Light: Set Color Purple» → «Light: Set Colour Purple»
«The Shield is primed with the materials you gathered. When you are ready you can Raise the Defensive Grid at the Science Center» → «The Shield is primed with the materials you gathered. When you are ready you can Raise the Defensive Grid at the Science Centre»
«It will be death to anyone who dares to leave with the treasures of Horus.  One who comes unprepared must return the treasure to the altars.  He who comes prepared will leave an eye at the place so marked.» → «It will be death to anyone who dares to leave with the treasures of Horus. One who comes unprepared must return the treasure to the altars. He who comes prepared will leave an eye at the place so marked.»
«Now that you are starting to get bigger jobs – and bigger paychecks - clients are expecting more from your work. Think about who you are as a designer and how to best express that in a way that will satisfy your clients’ tastes and needs. This isn’t just about getting pages in your portfolio! It’s about crafting interiors Sims the world over will recognize and adore.» → «Now that you are starting to get bigger jobs – and bigger paychecks - clients are expecting more from your work. Think about who you are as a designer and how to best express that in a way that will satisfy your clients’ tastes and needs. This isn’t just about getting pages in your portfolio! It’s about crafting interiors Sims the world over will recognise and adore.»
«Sims are exposed to your work all around town and recognize your haute style! It’s time to show them that you aren’t a one trick pony who stumbled upon two or three patterns that just happened to go together. Hypnotize the populace with your brilliant color combinations and stylish patterned creations!» → «Sims are exposed to your work all around town and recognise your haute style! It’s time to show them that you aren’t a one trick pony who stumbled upon two or three patterns that just happened to go together. Hypnotize the populace with your brilliant colour combinations and stylish patterned creations!»
«Word is getting around about your exquisite taste, and the local press has taken notice of your recent work.  The public eye is upon you.  Get out there and prove that you are the best designer around.» → «Word is getting around about your exquisite taste, and the local press has taken notice of your recent work. The public eye is upon you. Get out there and prove that you are the best designer around.»
«Your career is off to a decent start with a few good projects behind you. It’s time to get together a portfolio to showcase pictures of your work. Maybe you could use it to convince neighborhood Sims that they need your expertise for their next remodel.» → «Your career is off to a decent start with a few good projects behind you. It’s time to get together a portfolio to showcase pictures of your work. Maybe you could use it to convince neighbourhood Sims that they need your expertise for their next remodel.»
«During work hours, find some jobs around town and get to work.  The budgets might be small at the bottom, but every great Architectural Designer had to start somewhere.» → «During work hours, find some jobs around town and get to work. The budgets might be small at the bottom, but every great Architectural Designer had to start somewhere.»
«Architectural designers enrich lives by refashioning the spaces where Sims live and work. You have made many of your neighbors very happy through your expert use of secondary and analogous colors. Your swank designs are known world wide after being featured in the top architectural design digests. Fame and fortune are yours, with greater success beckoning on the horizon.» → «Architectural designers enrich lives by refashioning the spaces where Sims live and work. You have made many of your neighbours very happy through your expert use of secondary and analogous colours. Your swank designs are known world wide after being featured in the top architectural design digests. Fame and fortune are yours, with greater success beckoning on the horizon.»
«They worship you at the furniture stores. Slabs of granite are being flown from all over the world in hopes that you might select them for one of your projects. Customers are begging for you to find time to talk about their upholstery needs. Keep up your dazzling designs! Hard work and sensational color combinations will help make sure that you aren’t becoming yesterday’s fad!» → «They worship you at the furniture stores. Slabs of granite are being flown from all over the world in hopes that you might select them for one of your projects. Customers are begging for you to find time to talk about their upholstery needs. Keep up your dazzling designs! Hard work and sensational colour combinations will help make sure that you aren’t becoming yesterday’s fad!»
«Randomize Sign» → «Randomise Sign»
«The local consignment store always has an unpredictable store inventory that is sure to satisfy the optimistic consumer. Your Sim wants to purchase something from the consignment store.» → «The local thrift shop always has an unpredictable store inventory that is sure to satisfy the optimistic consumer. Your Sim wants to purchase something from the thrift shop.»
«Allowing a dog to starve is quite cruel!  Get {0.SimFirstName} some food or a treat immediately to avoid an unnecessary visit from a social worker.» → «Allowing a dog to starve is quite cruel! Get {0.SimFirstName} some food or a treat immediately to avoid an unnecessary visit from a social worker.»
«Elixir Consignment Store» → «Elixir Thrift Shop»
«Allowing a cat to starve is quite cruel!  Get {0.SimFirstName} some food or a treat immediately to avoid an unnecessary visit from a social worker.» → «Allowing a cat to starve is quite cruel! Get {0.SimFirstName} some food or a treat immediately to avoid an unnecessary visit from a social worker.»
«Analyze {0.Number} Space Rocks» → «Analyse {0.Number} Space Rocks»
«Visiting the Theatre» → «Visiting the Cinema»
«This Big Park is best used when placed in the world of Moonlight Falls -- Rumor has it that long ago this park was the epicenter of ghostly supernatural activity. But now it's just a regular park with an occasional haunting.» → «This Big Park is best used when placed in the world of Moonlight Falls — Rumour has it that long ago this park was the epicentre of ghostly supernatural activity. But now it's just a regular park with an occasional haunting.»
«In order to promote camaraderie and improve community morale among horse owners, the city has staged a Meet and Greet for all Sims at the local horse ranch.  Sims should bring their horses and meet some new friends there today!» → «In order to promote camaraderie and improve community morale among horse owners, the city has staged a Meet and Greet for all Sims at the local horse ranch. Sims should bring their horses and meet some new friends there today!»
«It’s so great of you to share your monstrous Burgers with your friends and neighbors, though it certainly doesn’t hurt when you can earn some money for doing so!» → «It’s so great of you to share your monstrous Burgers with your friends and neighbours, though it certainly doesn’t hurt when you can earn some money for doing so!»
«Hello there, {0.SimFirstName}! Busy with makeovers still I see! The town of {TownName} would like to reward you with the {1.String} in honor of your efforts to make our citizens more fashionable! Display it proudly on your wall! We’ve also given you a medal you can wear. Say, any chance you could squeeze me in for a haircut sometime this week?» → «Hello there, {0.SimFirstName}! Busy with makeovers still I see! The town of {TownName} would like to reward you with the {1.String} in honour of your efforts to make our citizens more fashionable! Display it proudly on your wall! We’ve also given you a medal you can wear. Say, any chance you could squeeze me in for a haircut sometime this week?»
«When student thespian Janet Burnes finished last night's showing of Romeo and Juliet, she was ready to take off her makeup and simply head home. Instead, she was surprised to receive the National Great Young Actor's Award from her drama teacher!  The award comes with a college scholarship and a savings bond.» → «When student thespian Janet Burnes finished last night's showing of Romeo and Juliet, she was ready to take off her makeup and simply head home. Instead, she was surprised to receive the National Great Young Actor's Award from her drama teacher! The award comes with a university scholarship and a savings bond.»
«How many hot dogs can you eat in 10 minutes?  If you think you can top 60, then you would have fit right in at the annual hot dog eating contest that took place in front of City Hall this past weekend. Charlie "Chompers" Pine took the prize by eating 62.5 hot dogs in front of a cheering crowd.» → «How many hot dogs can you eat in 10 minutes? If you think you can top 60, then you would have fit right in at the annual hot dog eating contest that took place in front of City Hall this past weekend. Charlie "Chompers" Pine took the prize by eating 62.5 hot dogs in front of a cheering crowd.»
«Several moviegoers almost died, or so they thought, while viewing a film about fires on the theatre's new high definition screen yesterday. "The fire was out of control," one resident said. "The flames were so crystal clear, sharp, and vivid." Theatre owners quickly clarified there was no fire. They also said that Sims experiencing pregnancy or motion sickness should think twice before seeing high definition films.» → «Several moviegoers almost died, or so they thought, while viewing a film about fires on the cinema's new high definition screen yesterday. "The fire was out of control," one resident said. "The flames were so crystal clear, sharp, and vivid." Cinema owners quickly clarified there was no fire. They also said that Sims experiencing pregnancy or motion sickness should think twice before seeing high definition films.»
«In a landmark decision against extreme catch and release fishermen, the practice known as "fish heaving" has been deemed illegal and impractical by the 5th City Court of Decisions. "Caught fish can now look forward to being gently placed in a babbling brook, not tossed like a common football," said Lead Consel Derek McGill. Fish heavists have said they intend to appeal the ruling.» → «In a landmark decision against extreme catch and release fishermen, the practice known as "fish heaving" has been deemed illegal and impractical by the SimCity Court of Appeal. "Caught fish can now look forward to being gently placed in a babbling brook, not tossed like a common rugby ball," said Lead Counsel Derek McGill. Fish heavists have said they intend to appeal the ruling.»
«The National Organization for Aquatic Conservation and Depletion recently named this town the premier fishing spot for the region. "You can catch pretty much anything here," said Earl Weiss, Chairman of NOACD. "Though we're primarily a catch and heave organization, we cannot honestly expect people to pass on such good eatin'."» → «The National Organisation for Aquatic Conservation and Depletion recently named this town the premier fishing spot for the region. "You can catch pretty much anything here," said Earl Weiss, Chairman of NOACD. "Though we're primarily a catch and heave organisation, we cannot honestly expect people to pass on such good eatin'."»
«Scientists convened in town yesterday to celebrate the farm community and soil quality. "Gardeners will be pleased to know they have some of the best soil available, right here, and without the inconvenience of odorous fertilizer!" said soilologist Bob Lane. "So many places must deal with the stench and sewer-like smell."  "Here, you can eat tomatoes without holding your nose!"» → «Scientists convened in town yesterday to celebrate the farm community and soil quality. "Gardeners will be pleased to know they have some of the best soil available, right here, and without the inconvenience of odorous Fertiliser!" said soilologist Bob Lane. "So many places must deal with the stench and sewer-like smell." "Here, you can eat tomatoes without holding your nose!"»
«Your beat is just a bit nicer now that you’ve taken the time to greet a few of your neighbors. Your boss is delighted that you took the time to raise awareness of police efforts in the neighborhood and has improved your promotion chances accordingly.» → «Your beat is just a bit nicer now that you’ve taken the time to greet a few of your neighbours. Your boss is delighted that you took the time to raise awareness of police efforts in the neighbourhood and has improved your promotion chances accordingly.»
«Sports Bar» → «Sports Pub»
«{0.SimFirstName} must have fruits, vegetables, or fish in Inventory to fertilize this plant.» → «{0.SimFirstName} must have fruits, vegetables, or fish in Inventory to Fertilise this plant.»
«Named for the cute black mark over one eye, Patch was adopted from the local fire station after an unexpected litter of Dalmatians were born. As an honoree member of the fire department, this pup struts around with head held high.» → «Named for the cute black mark over one eye, Patch was adopted from the local fire station after an unexpected litter of Dalmatians were born. As an honouree member of the fire department, this pup struts around with head held high.»
«It’s a shame that you didn’t take advantage of the free game! You could have had an awesome time and learned a thing or two. Perhaps next time you won’t miss a great opportunity.» → «It’s a shame that you didn’t take advantage of the free match! You could have had an awesome time and learned a thing or two. Perhaps next time you won’t miss a great opportunity.»
«Welcome to the Beginner Circuit, Newbie's Row, Amateur Hour.... It's time to show them that you can out run an Ice Cream Truck with three flat tires! Your horse wants to enter a Beginner Racing Competition.» → «Welcome to the Beginner Tour, Newbie's Row, Amateur Hour.... It's time to show them that you can out run an Ice Cream Van with three flat tires! Your horse wants to enter a Beginner Racing Competition.»
«Your Sim wants to remain on the honor roll for a few days, but it won't be easy! Keep your Sim in a good mood and make sure all the homework is completed on time.» → «Your Sim wants to remain on the honour roll for a few days, but it won't be easy! Keep your Sim in a good mood and make sure all the homework is completed on time.»
«Some windows are just waiting to be shattered in a dramatic fashion. You'll have a tough time deciding your favorite way to destroy the Bustable Window. Throw someone through it in a barroom brawl? Encourage the neighborhood ne'er-do-wells to throw a baseball through it? The possibilities are endless!» → «Some windows are just waiting to be shattered in a dramatic fashion. You'll have a tough time deciding your favourite way to destroy the Bustable Window. Throw someone through it in a barroom brawl? Encourage the neighbourhood ne'er-do-wells to bowl a cricket ball through it? The possibilities are endless!»
«{OpTarget} is putting on a highbrow party soon and would like an ice sculpture as the centerpiece for the main table. {OpOwner} has a reputation as a solid ice sculptor and is in a prime position to deliver one to {OpTarget} for a nice profit.» → «{OpTarget} is putting on a highbrow party soon and would like an ice sculpture as the centrepiece for the main table. {OpOwner} has a reputation as a solid ice sculptor and is in a prime position to deliver one to {OpTarget} for a nice profit.»
«Visit the Elixir Consignment Store» → «Visit the Elixir Thrift Shop»
«It is a good thing {OpOwner} was able to save the day! The device wouldn't have stopped at just llamas - it would've atomized all four-legged mammals! Luckily, {OpOwner} arrived in time to put an end to Professor Malevolent's scheme and there was much rejoicing to be had. {OpOwner} even got to keep some of the parts from the now dismantled experiment.» → «It is a good thing {OpOwner} was able to save the day! The device wouldn't have stopped at just llamas - it would've atomised all four-legged mammals! Luckily, {OpOwner} arrived in time to put an end to Professor Malevolent's scheme and there was much rejoicing to be had. {OpOwner} even got to keep some of the parts from the now dismantled experiment.»
«{0.SimFirstName} is finally a young adult with all the privileges and responsibilities of adulthood. His future is wide open. What will he accomplish?» → «{0.SimFirstName} is finally a young lad with all the privileges and responsibilities of adulthood. His future is wide open. What will he accomplish?»
«Read High School book.» → «Read Secondary School book.»
«Makeup Colors» → «Makeup Colours»
«Travel guidelines expressly forbid traveling while under the effects of a mystical transformation.» → «Travel guidelines expressly forbid travelling while under the effects of a mystical transformation.»
«Well behaved children never get admonished by their caretaker. {0.SimFirstName} should consider obeying the nice daycare Sim and helping around the house.» → «Well behaved children never get admonished by their caretaker. {0.SimFirstName} should consider obeying the nice nursery Sim and helping around the house.»
«It’s time to bring home all the excitement and flavor of apple bobbing. Your Sim wants to trade in festival tickets for their very own apple bobbing tank!» → «It’s time to bring home all the excitement and flavour of apple bobbing. Your Sim wants to trade in festival tickets for their very own apple bobbing tank!»
«It's way too early to call someone on the phone!  Try calling back in a few hours.» → «It's way too early to call someone on the phone! Try calling back in a few hours.»
«Honorary Degree» → «Honourary Degree»
«Fertilizer Analyst» → «Fertiliser Analyst»
«Make a Snow Cone» → «Make a Sorbet»
«Rhodes» → «Rabiu»
«Even though its technology is ancient, the ancient civilization that created this trap was highly advanced. There's no way you'll be able to disarm it!» → «Even though its technology is ancient, the ancient civilisation that created this trap was highly advanced. There's no way you'll be able to disarm it!»
«Amid the desert landscape, the beautiful sounds of the guitar can draw quite a crowd.  Play your guitar in Egypt for tips.» → «Amid the desert landscape, the beautiful sounds of the guitar can draw quite a crowd. Play your guitar in Egypt for tips.»
«You really should've read that book instead of throwing it out.  That's really too bad as it was kind of important for this opportunity.» → «You really should've read that book instead of throwing it out. That's really too bad as it was kind of important for this opportunity.»
«Your next soccer opponent, {0.SimFirstName}, is already on this lot» → «Your next football opponent, {0.SimFirstName}, is already on this lot»
«Using {MA.his}{FA.her} ship’s instruments, {0.SimFirstName} took a very thorough survey of the moon. Rumors of giant robots slumbering just below the surface proved to be false.» → «Using {MA.his}{FA.her} ship’s instruments, {0.SimFirstName} took a very thorough survey of the moon. Rumours of giant robots slumbering just below the surface proved to be false.»
«Oh no! You didn’t get to the Bookstore quickly enough and the music section crumbled into utter catalog chaos. Due to your negligence, an avalanche of 80's music fell from the top shelf and claimed two victims!» → «Oh no! You didn’t get to the Bookstore quickly enough and the music section crumbled into utter catalogue chaos. Due to your negligence, an avalanche of 80's music fell from the top shelf and claimed two victims!»
«The Chun Chamber of Culinary Commerce\nhereby recognizes\n{0.SimName}\nas having exceptional and notable skills in the area of culinary creation.\n\nAwarded: {DateAndTime}, Witnessing Officer: C M J» → «The Chun Chamber of Culinary Commerce\nhereby recognises\n{0.SimName}\nas having exceptional and notable skills in the area of culinary creation.\n\nAwarded: {DateAndTime}, Witnessing Officer: C M J»
«No Sense of Humor» → «No Sense of Humour»
«Unique Rocks Analyzed: {0.Number}%» → «Unique Rocks Analysed: {0.Number}%»
«The Case of the Snail Mail Jam» → «The Case of the Snail Post Jam»
«Current Color» → «Current Colour»
«Inspect Mail» → «Inspect Post»
«Uber Warp Well» → «Über Warp Well»
«Lot Localization Key Display Enabled :» → «Lot Localisation Key Display Enabled :»
«It’s so great of you to share your incredible Cheesesteak Sandwiches with your friends and neighbors, though it certainly doesn’t hurt when you can earn some money for doing so!» → «It’s so great of you to share your incredible Philly Cheesesteaks with your friends and neighbours, though it certainly doesn’t hurt when you can earn some money for doing so!»
«It's a seat, it's a small room, it's a complete party planning system! The Circulation Center Sectional Seating System can be rearranged 143 different ways to suit your every need. Specially cushioned to minimize sound, these seats make a great containment pod for your favorite budding musician.» → «It's a seat, it's a small room, it's a complete party planning system! The Circulation Center Sectional Seating System can be rearranged 143 different ways to suit your every need. Specially cushioned to minimise sound, these seats make a great containment pod for your favourite budding musician.»
«Go see a HoloVenture at the HoloVenture Theater.» → «Go see a HoloVenture at the HoloVenture Cinema.»
«This restored abode was once nearly destroyed in a freak storm.  It’s probably safe from a repeat performance during your lifetime so take a chance and buy this lovely piece of history.» → «This restored abode was once nearly destroyed in a freak storm. It’s probably safe from a repeat performance during your lifetime so take a chance and buy this lovely piece of history.»
«When Old decided to design and produce a decorative wheelbarrow, he knew it had to be one thing; Cool! What else could set it apart from the monotony of the decorative wheelbarrow world? Old struck a chord in our collective heart with this time-honored design and avant-garde finish. Get one today!» → «When Old decided to design and produce a decorative wheelbarrow, he knew it had to be one thing; Cool! What else could set it apart from the monotony of the decorative wheelbarrow world? Old struck a chord in our collective heart with this time-honoured design and avant-garde finish. Get one today!»
«Deliver two group servings of Cookies to school Bake Sale.» → «Deliver two group servings of Biscuits to school Bake Sale.»
«Petite Pony Equestrian Center» → «Petite Pony Equestrian Centre»
«This truck has seen better days.» → «This pickup has seen better days.»
«Next Game is in {1.Days}. Starts At: {0.String}» → «Next Match is in {1.Days}. Starts At: {0.String}»
«As the newest member of this criminal organization, you have been tasked with reading “Dos and Don’ts of the Dons,” a helpful guide to keep you from offending the wrong man or woman. By finishing the book, you will personally guarantee an increase in your job performance and improve your relationship with the Leader.» → «As the newest member of this criminal organization, you have been tasked with reading “Dos and Don’ts of the Dons,” a helpful guide to keep you from offending the wrong lad or gal. By finishing the book, you will personally guarantee an increase in your job performance and improve your relationship with the Leader.»
«Perhaps you should have trained a bit harder and worn a brighter smile! Your teammates wiped the floor with you, but they seem to like you more for being a good sport. It’s not all bad!» → «Perhaps you should have trained a bit harder and worn a brighter smile! Your teammates wiped the floor with you, but they seem to like you more for being a good sport. It’s not all bad!»
«Earn money by winning Equestrian Center competitions and selling horses.» → «Earn money by winning Equestrian Centre competitions and selling horses.»
«Attend After Game Interview at the {OpTarget}.» → «Attend After Match Interview at the {OpTarget}.»
«Saw a Game at the Stadium» → «Saw a Match at the Stadium»
«A whimsical designer so avant-garde that he legally changed his name to a hashtag, #King was handed a blank check to create a children’s playground that’s deliciously unorthodox. From confectionary to cotton candy, this park has it all. As you traipse through the gumdrop acorns and your tooth begins to ache, take comfort in the fact that the adornments are merely visual flavor. Thankfully, a youngster’s playground romp is the next best thing to a sugar crash for the beleaguered parent looking for a pinch of peace and quiet.» → «A whimsical designer so avant-garde that he legally changed his name to a hashtag, #King was handed a blank check to create a children’s playground that’s deliciously unorthodox. From confectionery to cotton candy, this park has it all. As you traipse through the gumdrop acorns and your tooth begins to ache, take comfort in the fact that the adornments are merely visual flavor. Thankfully, a youngster’s playground romp is the next best thing to a sugar crash for the beleaguered parent looking for a pinch of peace and quiet.»
«Although someone else received an award, you stole the show with you epic Laser Rhythm-a-con skills!» → «Although someone else received an award, you stole the show with your epic Laser Rhythm-a-con skills!»
«{0.SimFirstName} has just become a Historical Hoarder.  From now on Relics discovered by {0.SimFirstName} are {1.Number}% more valuable.» → «{0.SimFirstName} has just become a Historical Hoarder. From now on Relics discovered by {0.SimFirstName} are {1.Number}% more valuable.»
«Dive Bar Criminal» → «Criminals Corner Pub»
«There’s nothing worse than a door with a bunch of vertical lines running down it. Look out over that great horizon… What do you see? Do you see a vertical line? No! That would be madness. You see a HORIZONTAL line. That’s why it’s the horizon. This door celebrates the horizon by incorporating as many horizontal lines as possible. You’re welcome.» → «There’s nothing worse than a door with a bunch of vertical lines running down it. Look out over that great horizon… What do you see? Do you see a vertical line? No! That would be madness. You see a HORISONTAL line. That’s why it’s the horizon. This door celebrates the horizon by incorporating as many horizontal lines as possible. You’re welcome.»
«Getting to write the score to this year's heartwrenching romantic tale is both a privilege and an honor.» → «Getting to write the score to this year's heartwrenching romantic tale is both a privilege and an honour.»
«Rebellious Children and Teens have a better chance of not being caught by the police when out after curfew or when pranking neighbors around town!» → «Rebellious Children and Teens have a better chance of not being caught by the police when out after curfew or when pranking neighbours around town!»
«Looking for custom content in Build/Buy Mode, Edit Town, Create a Sim or Create a Style?  It's easy - just click on the custom content filter.» → «Looking for custom content in Build/Buy Mode, Edit Town, Create a Sim or Create a Style? It's easy - just click on the custom content filter.»
«Want to share something?  Once you've saved your creation, just click the Share button to share your customized Sims, lots, clothing, accessories, walls, floors, and patterns with other players.» → «Want to share something? Once you've saved your creation, just click the Share button to share your customised Sims, lots, clothing, accessories, walls, floors, and patterns with other players.»
«Ceiling mobiles provide infants with the perfect balance of repetitive entertainment and bright colors. This model also happens to teach them advanced orbital mechanics!» → «Ceiling mobiles provide infants with the perfect balance of repetitive entertainment and bright colours. This model also happens to teach them advanced orbital mechanics!»
«Sims can go on exotic adventures and solve exciting mysteries while traveling the world. Would you like to learn more about Traveling?» → «Sims can go on exotic adventures and solve exciting mysteries while travelling the world. Would you like to learn more about Travelling?»
«Professions, like Stylist and Architectural Designer, will have customers that need your help during the work day.  Use Map View to see Map Tags for these customers.» → «Professions, like Stylist and Architectural Designer, will have customers that need your help during the work day. Use Map View to see Map Tags for these customers.»
«Now that you've picked a house to move into, let's take a look around {TownName}.To move the camera, click and hold the right mouse button and move it in the direction you want to go.  Try it now.» → «Now that you've picked a house to move into, let's take a look around {TownName}.To move the camera, click and hold the right mouse button and move it in the direction you want to go. Try it now.»
«Same Colored Eyes» → «Same Coloured Eyes»
«Got Recognized» → «Got Recognised»
«Visit Sorority with Pack» → «Visit Women's College with Pack»
«The Eucalyptus is known to be the favorite food of the koala! Unfortunatly there are no koalas in Sunset Valley...» → «The Eucalyptus is known to be the favourite food of the koala! Unfortunatly there are no koalas in Sunset Valley...»
«Holding a funeral for a special Sim is a great way to honor the life and times of the poor departed soul.» → «Holding a funeral for a special Sim is a great way to honour the life and times of the poor departed soul.»
«"Ah, thank you for coming. Are you prepared? I need you to do a bit of underground exploration for me. You should never go adventuring without the proper supplies though!  I have already given you some dried food, essential for staying nourished while you explore the depths of any tomb.  In addition, you should always bring a tent with you.  As it happens, my humble store sells both tents and dried food, so you should peruse my wares when we are done speaking.» → «"Ah, thank you for coming. Are you prepared? I need you to do a bit of underground exploration for me. You should never go adventuring without the proper supplies though! I have already given you some dried food, essential for staying nourished while you explore the depths of any tomb. In addition, you should always bring a tent with you. As it happens, my humble store sells both tents and dried food, so you should peruse my wares when we are done speaking.»
«Fueling Food Trucks...» → «Fueling Food Vans...»
«Colonial Mailbox» → «Colonial Post Box»
«{0.SimFirstName} has learned all he can from {2.String}'s "{1.String}."  This is sure to aid him in skill development later in life! He'll have fun reading it again, though.» → «{0.SimFirstName} has learned all he can from {2.String}'s "{1.String}." This is sure to aid him in skill development later in life! He'll have fun reading it again, though.»
«Your Sim wants to add even more magic to elixirs, by receiving a SURPRISE elixir in the mailbox! Get an online friend to send your Sim a Supernatural Surprise Gift Box!» → «Your Sim wants to add even more magic to elixirs, by receiving a SURPRISE elixir in the postbox! Get an online friend to send your Sim a Supernatural Surprise Gift Box!»
«Failure!  {0.SimFirstName} has become the latest laughingstock of the academic community.» → «Failure! {0.SimFirstName} has become the latest laughingstock of the academic community.»
«Play Catch» → «Throw Ball»
«Practicing pool is fun. Playing pool is more fun. Winning at pool is the most fun. Practice makes perfect!» → «Practicing snooker is fun. Playing snooker is more fun. Winning at snooker is the most fun. Practice makes perfect!»
«Offense, when given, will require a healthy dose of time to forgive and forget. Or the dreaded apology.» → «Offence, when given, will require a healthy dose of time to forgive and forget. Or the dreaded apology.»
«Soccer Game» → «Football Match»
«Every Sim grows up eventually, and each passage of age is a big event!  In the Simology panel, you can see how long a Sim has before their next birthday.» → «Every Sim grows up eventually, and each passage of age is a big event! In the Simology panel, you can see how long a Sim has before their next birthday.»
«The townsfolk give Ms. Lionheart a wide birth should they see her approaching. Not that there's a problem with her that anyone can pinpoint per se, but she is a little... shall we say... eccentric. With her colorful leopard print hat and garish feline apron, the local teens have dubbed her "Old Kitty", a name she'd no doubt give them a good drubbing for should it ever be said to her face. As the last remaining member of her family, she lives out her days with her four cats, and that's just the way she likes things.» → «The townsfolk give Ms. Lionheart a wide birth should they see her approaching. Not that there's a problem with her that anyone can pinpoint per se, but she is a little... shall we say... eccentric. With her colourful leopard print hat and garish feline apron, the local teens have dubbed her "Old Kitty", a name she'd no doubt give them a good drubbing for should it ever be said to her face. As the last remaining member of her family, she lives out her days with her four cats, and that's just the way she likes things.»
«Excellent!  {0.SimFirstName} is now the owner of {1.String} and has full control of the place!  Not only does he not have to share the profits, but he can rename the place, and fire anyone working there he doesn't like!  Perhaps its time to look for another investment too with all these profits.» → «Excellent! {0.SimFirstName} is now the owner of {1.String} and has full control of the place! Not only does he not have to share the profits, but he can rename the place, and fire anyone working there he doesn't like! Perhaps its time to look for another investment too with all these profits.»
«Chase has come a long way since being called "daddy's girl" in elementary school. However, it's debatable whether she's changed, or if it's because more people have realized it's actually her mother she's more like.» → «Chase has come a long way since being called "daddy's girl" in elementary school. However, it's debatable whether she's changed, or if it's because more people have realised it's actually her mother she's more like.»
«Game Times:» → «Match Times:»
«Earn a University Degree with a Perfect GPA» → «Earn a University Degree with Full Distinctions»
«How could you lose the package?!  The smuggling ring wll think twice about selecting you for a operation of this size next time.» → «How could you lose the package?! The smuggling ring wll think twice about selecting you for a operation of this size next time.»
«The Honor Roll» → «The Honour Roll»
«I'm a bit uncomfortable with what I found out. It seems I'm getting answers that only lead to deeper holes. It turns out the lackey with the shoes was only a pawn in whatever is happening, but I did obtain the name of a crooked, well-known politician: {OpTarget}. I should inspect {OpTarget}'s mail for clues.» → «I'm a bit uncomfortable with what I found out. It seems I'm getting answers that only lead to deeper holes. It turns out the lackey with the shoes was only a pawn in whatever is happening, but I did obtain the name of a crooked, well-known politician: {OpTarget}. I should inspect {OpTarget}'s post for clues.»
«Take your rivalries and aggressions center stage! Your Sim wants to put their skills to the test by challenging someone to a performance duel at a SimFest!» → «Take your rivalries and aggressions centre stage! Your Sim wants to put their skills to the test by challenging someone to a performance duel at a SimFest!»
«{0.SimFirstName} dreamed of an altered personality, and wakes with two new personality traits conjured from the depths of sleep!» → «{0.SimFirstName} dreamt of an altered personality, and wakes with two new personality traits conjured from the depths of sleep!»
«{2.SimName} has just learned how to Sit Up!  {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember the feeling of being praised for a job well done.  A feeling that {MA.he}{FA.she} won’t forget about anytime soon.» → «{2.SimName} has just learned how to Sit Up! {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember the feeling of being praised for a job well done. A feeling that {MA.he}{FA.she} won’t forget about anytime soon.»
«Soccer Rank: {0.String}» → «Football Rank: {0.String}»
«Who doesn’t miss their first TV, showing five channels and weighing 300 lbs.? For the nostalgics, Standard Issue presents the Mastodon: theft deterrent because it’s so heavy, but not guaranteed.» → «Who doesn’t miss their first TV, showing five channels and weighing 21 stones (136kg/300Lbs)? For the nostalgics, Standard Issue presents the Mastodon: theft deterrent because it’s so heavy, but not guaranteed.»
«You are a lifesaver! I will drop {1.SimFirstName} off tomorrow at the regular daycare time.» → «You are a lifesaver! I will drop {1.SimFirstName} off tomorrow at the regular nursery time.»
«The town of {TownName} would like to reward you with the {1.String} for your efforts as a {2.String}.  Please stop by City Hall to accept your award.» → «The town of {TownName} would like to reward you with the {1.String} for your efforts as a {2.String}. Please stop by City Hall to accept your award.»
«Mirabello Plaza: bookstore, theatre, and grocery store» → «Mirabello Plaza: bookstore, cinema, and grocery store»
«You found the Power Cells! Return them to the Time Traveler.» → «You found the Power Cells! Return them to the Time Traveller.»
«“Get to Know” another Sim in the neighborhood to earn some cash and improve your relationship.» → «“Get to Know” another Sim in the neighbourhood to earn some cash and improve your relationship.»
«Traveler’s Palm» → «Traveller’s Palm»
«This is the selected color.» → «This is the selected colour.»
«The managers at {2.String} would like you to come in to help train {11.SimName}, help analyze their current practices, and provide advice on where to take the business in the future. The economy is in the midst of what other analysts are calling “trying times,” so any logic you can provide will earn you big bucks.» → «The managers at {2.String} would like you to come in to help train {11.SimName}, help analyse their current practices, and provide advice on where to take the business in the future. The economy is in the midst of what other analysts are calling “trying times,” so any logic you can provide will earn you big bucks.»
«The best alarms are those that are not only reliable, but so loud you can hear them one block away! The Fireman's Friend is guaranteed to wake-up sleeping neighbors, annoy dogs, and alert an entire fire station to danger, all within mere seconds of sounding.» → «The best alarms are those that are not only reliable, but so loud you can hear them one block away! The Fireman's Friend is guaranteed to wake-up sleeping neighbours, annoy dogs, and alert an entire fire station to danger, all within mere seconds of sounding.»
«Order a Synthesized Drink at the Cafeteria.» → «Order a Synthesised Drink at the Cafeteria.»
«Use Dye Color» → «Use Dye Colour»
«Change Wing Color» → «Change Wing Colour»
«This curiously colorful dew instantly alters the properties of human hair and skin. Your Sim loves the effect and wants to use it on others!» → «This curiously colourful dew instantly alters the properties of human hair and skin. Your Sim loves the effect and wants to use it on others!»
«Flying and fighting! Dashing and Diving! And that was just my favorite parts!» → «Flying and fighting! Dashing and Diving! And that was just my favourite parts!»
«Firing yourself up for game day with this poster. Who are we? Llamas! Who’s the best? Llamas! What do llamas do? Spit, sneer and kick other Sims in the teeth!» → «Firing yourself up for match day with this poster. Who are we? Llamas! Who’s the best? Llamas! What do llamas do? Spit, sneer and kick other Sims in the teeth!»
«The Sims™ 3 High-End Loft Stuff Installer» → «The Sims™ 3 Design & High-Tech Stuff Installer»
«A string of excellent Ubercritic scores have elevated {0.SimName} to a Game Studio Head! Remember to keep in touch with the fans by holding video game conventions at the local theater. » → «A string of excellent Übercritic scores have elevated {0.SimName} to a Game Studio Head! Remember to keep in touch with the fans by holding video game conventions at the local cinema. »
«Despite repeated warnings from the Grim Reaper, {0.SimName} talked {MA.himself}{FA.herself} to death. {0.SimFirstName} joins other rumored stories of Sims ignoring the words of death. The local police have issued a statement urging Sims not to tempt death by ranting about death.» → «Despite repeated warnings from the Grim Reaper, {0.SimName} talked {MA.himself}{FA.herself} to death. {0.SimFirstName} joins other rumoured stories of Sims ignoring the words of death. The local police have issued a statement urging Sims not to tempt death by ranting about death.»
«Juice before 2 PM is simply uncivilized.» → «Juice before 2 PM is simply uncivilised.»
«Juice before 2 PM is uncivilized. But betwixt you and me, it doesn't count if you're still awake from the day previous.» → «Juice before 2 PM is uncivilised. But betwixt you and me, it doesn't count if you're still awake from the day previous.»
«Being a singer is all about singing, and to really succeed, you'll need to be willing to belt it out anywhere.  You'll start off singing for tips on the street and performing Sing-A-Grams for money, but if you show real promise, you'll soon be on your way to sold out gigs and superstardom!» → «Being a singer is all about singing, and to really succeed, you'll need to be willing to belt it out anywhere. You'll start off singing for tips on the street and performing Sing-A-Grams for money, but if you show real promise, you'll soon be on your way to sold out gigs and superstardom!»
«Trust the gaze of the statues.  They look upon the path of rightousness.» → «Trust the gaze of the statues. They look upon the path of rightousness.»
«The statues do not lie.  Their gaze does not stray from the path of life.» → «The statues do not lie. Their gaze does not stray from the path of life.»
«Nobody can resist the latest jest from someone with a Good Sense of Humor, and they love hearing jokes as well!» → «Nobody can resist the latest jest from someone with a Good Sense of Humour, and they love hearing jokes as well!»
«“Ha! I knew {16.SimName} could crack Landgraab’s code. I win again, old man! I can prove without any doubt that Jean Necteaux created Nectar centuries ago. Do you realize we are standing at the birthplace of Nectar this very second! I can now finish my book and perhaps move from amateur historian to professional. I hope this reward more than compensates you for your efforts.”» → «“Ha! I knew {16.SimName} could crack Landgraab’s code. I win again, old man! I can prove without any doubt that Jean Necteaux created Nectar centuries ago. Do you realise we are standing at the birthplace of Nectar this very second! I can now finish my book and perhaps move from amateur historian to professional. I hope this reward more than compensates you for your efforts.”»
«{0.SimFirstName}'s luck held out again as {MA.he}{FA.she} avoided yet another cave-in! {MA.He}{FA.She} never realized how dangerous spelunking could be.» → «{0.SimFirstName}'s luck held out again as {MA.he}{FA.she} avoided yet another cave-in! {MA.He}{FA.She} never realised how dangerous spelunking could be.»
«{0.SimFirstName} was exploring a curious maze-like cave network when {MA.he}{FA.she} suddenly realize that it was built by giant ants! Luckily the insects weren't very interested in {0.SimFirstName} and gently nudged {MA.him}{FA.her} on {MA.his}{FA.her} way.» → «{0.SimFirstName} was exploring a curious maze-like cave network when {MA.he}{FA.she} suddenly realise that it was built by giant ants! Luckily the insects weren't very interested in {0.SimFirstName} and gently nudged {MA.him}{FA.her} on {MA.his}{FA.her} way.»
«Want to be the life of the party? Put a guitar in your inventory, head to a party and start jamming!  You can host your own party too.» → «Want to be the life of the party? Put a guitar in your inventory, head to a party and start jamming! You can host your own party too.»
«The flavor of the Mysterious Drink was oddly similar to old cheese. {0.SimFirstName} would now like a breath mint, but otherwise doesn't feel any different than before. Perhaps the potion didn't affect {MA.him}{FA.her}?» → «The flavour of the Mysterious Drink was oddly similar to old cheese. {0.SimFirstName} would now like a breath mint, but otherwise doesn't feel any different than before. Perhaps the potion didn't affect {MA.him}{FA.her}?»
«The grilled cheese has been a favorite of many for generations. Enjoy this simple, yet highly satisfying recipe!» → «The grilled cheese has been a favourite of many for generations. Enjoy this simple, yet highly satisfying recipe!»
«{0.SimFirstName} just caught a Termite, valued at {1.Money}!  Neat!» → «{0.SimFirstName} just caught a Termite, valued at {1.Money}! Neat!»
«{0.SimFirstName} is ready for the lifestyle of fantastic conversation, becoming a socialite of renown, and always knowing the right thing to say. To become more Charismatic, {0.SimFirstName} will constantly need to get out and socialize with Sims in the neighborhood!» → «{0.SimFirstName} is ready for the lifestyle of fantastic conversation, becoming a socialite of renown, and always knowing the right thing to say. To become more Charismatic, {0.SimFirstName} will constantly need to get out and socialize with Sims in the neighbourhood!»
«Analyze Mystery Goo» → «Analyse Mystery Goo»
«You placed a consignment store.  This location is perfect for putting your sims handcrafted goods up for sale.» → «You placed a thrift shop. This location is perfect for putting your Sims' handcrafted goods up for sale.»
«Gussy Up» → «Freshen Up»
«Be sure to set up your stage prior to each show.  Better stages improve your performance. Higher level Acrobats can further impress audiences with the Balance Ball and the Giant Ring of Fire.» → «Be sure to set up your stage prior to each show. Better stages improve your performance. Higher level Acrobats can further impress audiences with the Balance Ball and the Giant Ring of Fire.»
«Enter the Equestrian Center with an owned horse.» → «Enter the Equestrian Centre with an owned horse.»
«Unicorn Fertilizer» → «Unicorn Fertiliser»
«Sometimes the quiet of your own house is best when a truly challenging subject is being studied. Find a cozy place at home and study like final exams are tomorrow.» → «Sometimes the quiet of your own house is best when a truly challenging subject is being studied. Find a cosy place at home and study like final exams are tomorrow.»
«Visit three neighbors at their homes to earn a job performance increase and relationship boost with your boss.» → «Visit three neighbours at their homes to earn a job performance increase and relationship boost with your boss.»
« {MA.His}{FA.Her} classmates have voted {MA.him}{FA.her} {0.String}.» → «{MA.His}{FA.Her} classmates have voted {MA.him}{FA.her} {0.String}.»
«A few of the local dives are willing to let your band open for better acts. It's a great chance to be on stage, so play hard and capitalize on the opportunity!» → «A few of the local dives are willing to let your band open for better acts. It's a great chance to be on stage, so play hard and capitalise on the opportunity!»
«Analyze an Insect» → «Analyse an Insect»
«This town desperately needs a Sim with a keen eye for detail and the ability to accessorize! Cut and color, style and shave, mix and match – Sims are looking to you to help dress them fashionably in contemporary styles! Or if you yearn to manipulate mangy mullets into something more hip, the Stylist profession may be perfect for your artistic finesse!» → «This town desperately needs a Sim with a keen eye for detail and the ability to accessorize! Cut and colour, style and shave, mix and match – Sims are looking to you to help dress them fashionably in contemporary styles! Or if you yearn to manipulate mangy mullets into something more hip, the Stylist profession may be perfect for your artistic finesse!»
«Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with a "D" in Business, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 1 of the Business and Criminal careers and earn slightly more money than if {MA.he}{FA.she} didn't have the degree. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload Resume now.» → «Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with a "D" in Business, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 1 of the Business and Criminal careers and earn slightly more money than if {MA.he}{FA.she} didn't have the degree. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload CV now.»
«Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with a "C" in Business, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 2 of the Business and Criminal careers and earn significantly more money than if {MA.he}{FA.she} didn't have the degree. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload Resume now.» → «Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with a "C" in Business, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 2 of the Business and Criminal careers and earn significantly more money than if {MA.he}{FA.she} didn't have the degree. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload CV now.»
«Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with a "B" in Business, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 3 of the Business and Criminal careers and earn a much higher salary than if {MA.he}{FA.she} didn't have the degree. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload Resume now.» → «Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with a "B" in Business, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 3 of the Business and Criminal careers and earn a much higher salary than if {MA.he}{FA.she} didn't have the degree. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload CV now.»
«Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with an "A" in Business, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 4 of the Business and Criminal careers and earn the highest possible starting salary. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload Resume now.» → «Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with an "A" in Business, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 4 of the Business and Criminal careers and earn the highest possible starting salary. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload CV now.»
«Simulate While Minimized» → «Simulate While Minimised»
«Maximize» → «Maximise»
«Everyone looks forward to attending a Psychic Convention, even though everyone there already knows how it went. Your Sim wants to hold a Psychic Convention of their own at the local theater.» → «Everyone looks forward to attending a Psychic Convention, even though everyone there already knows how it went. Your Sim wants to hold a Psychic Convention of their own at the local cinema.»
«The keystone works flawlessly.  Now to search for clues in this secret place.» → «The keystone works flawlessly. Now to search for clues in this secret place.»
«{2.SimName} just created a new drink. This is a fantastic combination of flavors that won't be forgotten soon!» → «{2.SimName} just created a new drink. This is a fantastic combination of flavours that won't be forgotten soon!»
«Velez» → «Vélez»
«So many windows!  I’m so glad that you made it so light and bright inside!» → «So many windows! I’m so glad that you made it so light and bright inside!»
«Owners of a Q-lamp describe it as a mark of refinement, sophistication, and elegance. Others call it a spindly office lamp. Either way, this modern accessory will bring a soft ambiance to any study and its double-articulation arms allow for great flexibility in lighting direction. Made of anodized Metallyte, Q-Lamps are completely stain and rust proof. They are not, however, static shock proof.» → «Owners of a Q-lamp describe it as a mark of refinement, sophistication, and elegance. Others call it a spindly office lamp. Either way, this modern accessory will bring a soft ambiance to any study and its double-articulation arms allow for great flexibility in lighting direction. Made of anodised Metallyte, Q-Lamps are completely stain and rust proof. They are not, however, static shock proof.»
«With the Stadium attendance in decline, your boss has organized a grand tour of the Locations: Champs Les Sims, Shang Simla and Al Simhara to revive your Athletic career. Go to all three locations and report back to work for a raise.» → «With the Stadium attendance in decline, your boss has organised a grand tour of the Locations: Champs Les Sims, Shang Simla and Al Simhara to revive your Athletic career. Go to all three locations and report back to work for a raise.»
«Octavia» → «Kaisa»
«"Analyze Prints" at police station» → «"Analyse Prints" at police station»
«...and that's where my dream about {3.SimName} and {4.SimName} ended.» → «...and that's where my dream about {3.SimName} and {4.SimName} ended.»
«All hail, {0.SimFirstName}, the finest Investigator the town of {TownName} has ever seen! Your contributions to the community have been overwhelming. You have gone far above and beyond the call of duty aiding your fellow citizens. {TownName} is a better place to live because of your efforts, {0.SimFirstName}. You are truly a hero of the highest order. On behalf of the citizens of {TownName} it is my great honor to present you with the {1.String} in recognition of your great deeds!» → «All hail, {0.SimFirstName}, the finest Investigator the town of {TownName} has ever seen! Your contributions to the community have been overwhelming. You have gone far above and beyond the call of duty aiding your fellow citizens. {TownName} is a better place to live because of your efforts, {0.SimFirstName}. You are truly a hero of the highest order. On behalf of the citizens of {TownName} it is my great honour to present you with the {1.String} in recognition of your great deeds!»
«The Stadium is sponsoring a contest to see if anyone can break the supposedly indestructible Space Rock on a Board Breaker.» → «The Stadium is sponsoring a contest to see if anyone can break the supposedly indestructible Space Rock on a Board Breaker.»
«Inkinization 2.0» → «Inkinisation 2.0»
«Fans of waiting until the last page for an epic explanation might be pleased with {0.SimFirstName}'s latest  book, {2.String}. Featuring {1.Number} pages of suspense, it may be the most mysterious book this year!» → «Fans of waiting until the last page for an epic explanation might be pleased with {0.SimFirstName}'s latest book, {2.String}. Featuring {1.Number} pages of suspense, it may be the most mysterious book this year!»
«Spirit Guides get a lot of repeat business. When certain people feel turmoil in their lives, you are the one they will turn to for solutions. They will think of you as their personal guide to metaphysical balance. It's harder work -- simple guesses and vague prophecies won't work as well as they used to -- but ultimately it is more rewarding.» → «Spirit Guides get a lot of repeat business. When certain people feel turmoil in their lives, you are the one they will turn to for solutions. They will think of you as their personal guide to metaphysical balance. It's harder work — simple guesses and vague prophecies won't work as well as they used to — but ultimately it is more rewarding.»
«Specializing in volcanic and aquatic sciences for over fifty years!» → «Specialising in volcanic and aquatic sciences for over fifty years!»
«As Leader of the Free World, you need to spend time traveling the world. Show your face in China to earn the respect of the local Sims.» → «As Leader of the Free World, you need to spend time travelling the world. Show your face in China to earn the respect of the local Sims.»
«Organize Bass Section» → «Organise Bass Section»
«{2.SimName} just got de-aged! {MA.He}{FA.She} will never forget that bizarre and unique experience of reverting back to a younger and revitalized self!» → «{2.SimName} just got de-aged! {MA.He}{FA.She} will never forget that bizarre and unique experience of reverting back to a younger and revitalised self!»
«Links» → «Sausages»
«My name is {2.String}. {16.SimName} gives me all the hard jobs for this operation, typical MorcuCorp work ethic.  Gobble the easy profits and cower from trouble.  Anyway the boss didn’t properly budget our operations for this quarter. Obviously the locals expect to be paid. I need you to find {9.Number} pieces of Turquoise, which I can use instead of cash payment. You may find some near the pyramids across the river, I'd start there first.» → «My name is {2.String}. {16.SimName} gives me all the hard jobs for this operation, typical MorcuCorp work ethic. Gobble the easy profits and cower from trouble. Anyway the boss didn’t properly budget our operations for this quarter. Obviously the locals expect to be paid. I need you to find {9.Number} pieces of Turquoise, which I can use instead of cash payment. You may find some near the pyramids across the river, I'd start there first.»
«No matter how much fun something is, {0.SimName} will get bored of it right away. Even worse, {0.SimName} is feeling socially awkward and can’t seem to socialize right now…» → «No matter how much fun something is, {0.SimName} will get bored of it right away. Even worse, {0.SimName} is feeling socially awkward and can’t seem to socialise right now…»
«{0.SimName} doesn’t know any Sims currently in other neighborhoods well enough to invite them over.» → «{0.SimName} doesn’t know any Sims currently in other neighbourhoods well enough to invite them over.»
«Analyze Sports Statistics {0.Number} Times» → «Analyse Sports Statistics {0.Number} Times»
«Have your Sim earn §10,000 in tips from playing pool» → «Have your Sim earn §10,000 in tips from playing snooker»
«“Challenge Argyle Sinclair” at the Theatre before time runs out to earn some money.» → «“Challenge Argyle Sinclair” at the Cinema before time runs out to earn some money.»
«Sarcophagi are commonplace in tombs, often the ancient burial places of the ruling class of long-dead civilizations.» → «Sarcophagi are commonplace in tombs, often the ancient burial places of the ruling class of long-dead civilisations.»
«The Death Flower is rumored to be a precious botanical prize to the dead. Odd for those without corporeal form to desire a tangible, living thing.» → «The Death Flower is rumoured to be a precious botanical prize to the dead. Odd for those without corporeal form to desire a tangible, living thing.»
«Some Sims should be stand-up comedians with the humor they're dishing out.» → «Some Sims should be stand-up comedians with the humour they're dishing out.»
«Entrepreneur Darris Teeter spent years attempting to expand his line of gourmet grocery stores. Unfortunately every time a location opened in a new community, people lined up thinking it was a trendy new movie theater! After years of frustration he succumbed to public perception and restored this old theater to its former glory, branding it with his infamous name.» → «Entrepreneur Darris Teeter spent years attempting to expand his line of gourmet supermarkets. Unfortunately every time a location opened in a new community, people lined up thinking it was a trendy new movie cinema! After years of frustration he succumbed to public perception and restored this old cinema to its former glory, branding it with his infamous name.»
«Attend a Resume Writing and Interview class.» → «Attend a CV Writing and Interview class.»
«• Your Sim will build a reputation faster than other Sims when selling items at the Consignment Store.» → «• Your Sim will build a reputation faster than other Sims when selling items at the Thrift Shop.»
«• Your Sim's items will generally sell for more money at the Consignment Store.» → «• Your Sim's items will generally sell for more money at the Thrift Shop.»
«• Your Sim is more likely than other Sims to get positive feedback at the Consignment Store.» → «• Your Sim is more likely than other Sims to get positive feedback at the Thrift Shop.»
«With space-age materials, including ionized faux leather and SuperLite filler fluff, this lounge chair will lull your Sims into a truly superior state of relaxation, as enjoyed in the backyards of Sim astronauts everywhere.» → «With space-age materials, including ionised faux leather and SuperLite filler fluff, this lounge chair will lull your Sims into a truly superior state of relaxation, as enjoyed in the backyards of Sim astronauts everywhere.»
«Your Magician amazed, mystified and mesmerized the foreign Sims! Thanks for sharing!» → «Your Magician amazed, mystified and mesmerised the foreign Sims! Thanks for sharing!»
«{0.SimName}’s talent for sweeping up spare bolts caught the supervisor’s eye. {MA.He’s}{FA.She’s} been promoted to Scrap Organizer, in case anyone needs a spare part.» → «{0.SimName}’s talent for sweeping up spare bolts caught the supervisor’s eye. {MA.He’s}{FA.She’s} been promoted to Scrap Organiser, in case anyone needs a spare part.»
«The professional chess circuit is cutthroat and every match is hard won. Going on a winning streak is a truly momentous occasion!» → «The professional chess tour is cutthroat and every match is hard won. Going on a winning streak is a truly momentous occasion!»
«Congratulations. {0.SimName} is now an expert of slithery creatures.  As a reward {0.SimName} will always succesfully catch snakes, lizards, and turtles.» → «Congratulations. {0.SimName} is now an expert of slithery creatures. As a reward {0.SimName} will always succesfully catch snakes, lizards, and turtles.»
«The higher the Visa level the more benefits Sims can enjoy while traveling abroad. Your Sim wants to earn a level {0.Number} French Visa.» → «The higher the Visa level the more benefits Sims can enjoy while travelling abroad. Your Sim wants to earn a level {0.Number} French Visa.»
«Service initialization failed (0x%08x)» → «Service initialisation failed (0x%08x)»
«Well-Kept Municipal Trash Can» → «Well-Kept Municipal Waste Bin»
«Capture {0.Number} different subjects to increase the base value of your photographs.  ({1.Number} captured so far.)» → «Capture {0.Number} different subjects to increase the base value of your photographs. ({1.Number} captured so far.)»
«Barter and shop through the colorful avenues of the market, and maybe find a souvenir or two to take home! Your Sim wants to visit a market.» → «Barter and shop through the colourful avenues of the market, and maybe find a souvenir or two to take home! Your Sim wants to visit a market.»
«Gobs of poorly brushed paint and hideous streaks of miss-matched colors were not enough to prevent {0.SimFirstName} from clawing his way out of painting obscurity and into a position of moderate renown. The journey is well on its way – can {0.SimFirstName} finish what he has begun?» → «Gobs of poorly brushed paint and hideous streaks of miss-matched colours were not enough to prevent {0.SimFirstName} from clawing his way out of painting obscurity and into a position of moderate renown. The journey is well on its way – can {0.SimFirstName} finish what he has begun?»
«Are you ready to begin the tutorial?  Let's go!» → «Are you ready to begin the tutorial? Let's go!»
«Just like a fern, people sometimes confuse heather with Sims of the same name around the neighborhood.» → «Just like a fern, people sometimes confuse heather with Sims of the same name around the neighbourhood.»
«Murals Created: {0.Number}  DO NOT TRASNLATE» → «Murals Created: {0.Number}»
«The average Sim discards over 26 metric tons of refuse a year. Taking out that much trash can be a real chore with anything other than the Munici-Pale Trashcan. It has the square-inch capacity you need to meet that wasteful average, and then some.» → «The average Sim discards over 26 metric tons of refuse a year. Taking out that much trash can be a real chore with anything other than the Munici-Pale Waste Bin. It has the square-inch capacity you need to meet that wasteful average, and then some.»
«The School is holding an assembly to honor local performers and they’ve requested you show up to rock out for the children. You’ll be paid for your performance, but only if you show up to give it! Grab your guitar and get to the School soon!» → «The School is holding an assembly to honour local performers and they’ve requested you show up to rock out for the children. You’ll be paid for your performance, but only if you show up to give it! Grab your guitar and get to the School soon!»
«A modest house in a forgotten corner of a nice neighborhood could be a diamond in the rough for the right investor. Why not take a chance on this one?» → «A modest house in a forgotten corner of a nice neighbourhood could be a diamond in the rough for the right investor. Why not take a chance on this one?»
«To become a Rider of Legends, a Sim must win all three types of Equestrian Center competitions at the International level. For their dedication to the art of horsemanship, these Sims receive a truly epic equine statue.» → «To become a Rider of Legends, a Sim must win all three types of Equestrian Centre competitions at the International level. For their dedication to the art of horsemanship, these Sims receive a truly epic equine statue.»
«Are you sure you want to leave your  job?» → «Are you sure you want to leave your job?»
«Favorite Style: None» → «Favourite Style: None»
«The meeting was a success as the Merchant seemed to know just about everything and everyone in Champs Les Sims. You parted with a handshake and a list of new business contacts which pleased Management. For your part, you job performance was recognized with a raise.» → «The meeting was a success as the Merchant seemed to know just about everything and everyone in Champs Les Sims. You parted with a handshake and a list of new business contacts which pleased Management. For your part, your job performance was recognised with a raise.»
«You were given the opportunity to assist and learn from a master artist, yet you were too busy to even show up. Shameful!  A disgrace!  Simply unheard of!  Appalling!  Quite reprehensible!» → «You were given the opportunity to assist and learn from a master artist, yet you were too busy to even show up. Shameful! A disgrace! Simply unheard of! Appalling! Quite reprehensible!»
«Yes, I would be willing to help you, but first you need to help me. Bring me {9.Number} Cerambryx Beetles from France for my research. You are clearly a woman of travel, so that won't be so hard for you will it?» → «Yes, I would be willing to help you, but first you need to help me. Bring me {9.Number} Cerambryx Beetles from France for my research. You are clearly a gal of travel, so that won't be so hard for you will it?»
«Thanks to modern surveillance technology, you are able to tap in and record evil doers’ conversations. The Wiretap Reader spends long, patient hours with their partner, using superior logic to analyze the actions of the criminals. Listen carefully – you never know what might be said!» → «Thanks to modern surveillance technology, you are able to tap in and record evil doers’ conversations. The Wiretap Reader spends long, patient hours with their partner, using superior logic to analyse the actions of the criminals. Listen carefully – you never know what might be said!»
«Change Color...» → «Change Colour...»
«Thin Ceiling Molding - Line» → «Thin Ceiling Moulding - Line»
«Masks have gone missing from the costume closet at the Theatre. Not only that, but they’re the scary masks! The Editor thinks the story can be sold as a horror piece, but only if you get the facts. Head to the Theatre and get the story. It could earn you a performance increase, or even a raise.» → «Masks have gone missing from the costume closet at the Cinema. Not only that, but they’re the scary masks! The Editor thinks the story can be sold as a horror piece, but only if you get the facts. Head to the Cinema and get the story. It could earn you a performance increase, or even a raise.»
«{2.SimName} just reached level {0.Number} of the {1.String} career. {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember the pride {MA.he}{FA.she} felt at being recognized for {MA.his}{FA.her} hard work!» → «{2.SimName} just reached level {0.Number} of the {1.String} career. {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember the pride {MA.he}{FA.she} felt at being recognised for {MA.his}{FA.her} hard work!»
«We are unable to verify that your disc is a valid copy of The Sims™ 3 Pets.  Please contact customer service.» → «We are unable to verify that your disc is a valid copy of The Sims™ 3 Pets. Please contact customer service.»
«Play Cubicle Soccer» → «Play Cubicle Football»
«You placed a Consignment Store. This location is perfect for putting your Sims' handcrafted goods up for sale.» → «You placed a thrift shop. This location is perfect for putting your Sims' handcrafted goods up for sale.»
«Tour Command Center with Group» → «Tour Command Centre with Group»
«Graduated University with a Perfect GPA» → «Graduated University with Full Distinctions»
« Masterful Smasher» → «Masterful Smasher»
«Not everyone clings to the highly-romanticized nostalgia surrounding the broom. Sometimes you want something a little more modern, something sleeker and faster. That’s why we produce the Megathrust Flying Vacuum, for today’s modern witch on the go. Just hop on and blast off and you’ll feel the Megathrust difference. (You might want to empty the bag first.)» → «Not everyone clings to the highly-romanticised nostalgia surrounding the broom. Sometimes you want something a little more modern, something sleeker and faster. That’s why we produce the Megathrust Flying Vacuum, for today’s modern witch on the go. Just hop on and blast off and you’ll feel the Megathrust difference. (You might want to empty the bag first.)»
«Colorpoint Shorthair» → «Colourpoint Shorthair»
«Experiencing phone withdrawals is awfully painful for {0.SimFirstName}. So much web surfing and socializing being missed right now!» → «Experiencing phone withdrawals is awfully painful for {0.SimFirstName}. So much web surfing and socialising being missed right now!»
«All children and teens have school that starts at 9 AM during the week. Children get off of school at 3 PM, while teens are done at 2 PM. The school bus picks up and drops off students in front of their houses.» → «All children and teens have school that starts at 9 AM during the week. Children get off of school at 3 PM (15:00), while teens are done at 2 PM (14:00). The school bus picks up and drops off students in front of their houses.»
«To achieve honor roll status, students must have good grades three days in a row. If a student's grades slip, their honor roll status will be lost.» → «To achieve honour roll status, students must have good grades three days in a row. If a student's grades slip, their honour roll status will be lost.»
«School's also a great place to make friends!  Sims can bring friends home from school or visit their friend's homes - with permission from their parents.» → «School's also a great place to make friends! Sims can bring friends home from school or visit their friend's homes - with permission from their parents.»
«Have Gone to Dive Bar $n times» → «Have Gone to Corner Pub $n times»
«Perform With Symphony at the Theatre.» → «Perform With Symphony at the Cinema.»
«Analyze Sports Statistics» → «Analyse Sports Statistics»
«A garden courtyard makes this home special.  The yard is completely fenced in for privacy.» → «A garden courtyard makes this home special. The yard is completely fenced in for privacy.»
«Loading up the band's equipment is always a chore, but sometimes it can be downright dangerous. A careless roadie almost dumped all the guitars out the back of the bus while loading them, and if it wasn't for {0.SimFirstName}'s quick action to save the guitars, they  could've taken some damage! {0.SimFirstName} got a small cash bonus and a lot of congratulations!» → «Loading up the band's equipment is always a chore, but sometimes it can be downright dangerous. A careless roadie almost dumped all the guitars out the back of the bus while loading them, and if it wasn't for {0.SimFirstName}'s quick action to save the guitars, they could've taken some damage! {0.SimFirstName} got a small cash bonus and a lot of congratulations!»
«Wow, I cannot believe that those rumors could get so vicious, {0.SimFirstName}. You are alright in my book!» → «Wow, I cannot believe that those rumours could get so vicious, {0.SimFirstName}. You are alright in my book!»
«{0.SimFirstName} is ready to jump into the frying pan of the culinary crafter, the kitchen specialist, the deliverer of delicacies! It’ll take a lot of time behind the stove and in front of a cook book, but {0.SimFirstName} will never be without company when everyone knows he can perfect their favorite foods.» → «{0.SimFirstName} is ready to jump into the frying pan of the culinary crafter, the kitchen specialist, the deliverer of delicacies! It’ll take a lot of time behind the stove and in front of a cook book, but {0.SimFirstName} will never be without company when everyone knows he can perfect their favourite foods.»
«The Editor thinks you might be missing some extremely important facts for our paper by not reading other newspapers. You are to read  the newspaper for five days, then return to work with your findings. The Editor promises a wink and a smile for your efforts, as well as a job performance increase.» → «The Editor thinks you might be missing some extremely important facts for our paper by not reading other newspapers. You are to read the newspaper for five days, then return to work with your findings. The Editor promises a wink and a smile for your efforts, as well as a job performance increase.»
«Single Moms» → «Single Mums»
«If you are searching for a five car garage with panoramic views, your search ends here.  Perhaps built with more cash than class, the door bell goes “bling.”» → «If you are searching for a five car garage with panoramic views, your search ends here. Perhaps built with more cash than class, the door bell goes “bling.”»
«Wall with Low Panels and Thick Molding» → «Wall with Low Panels and Thick Moulding»
«Your coworkers were very thankful for the help. You definitely made some new friends and maybe earned a couple favors.» → «Your coworkers were very thankful for the help. You definitely made some new friends and maybe earned a couple favours.»
«See a Play or Concert at the Theatre to earn some cash and improve your Charisma Skill.» → «See a Play or Concert at the Cinema to earn some cash and improve your Charisma Skill.»
«Cook {1.SimFirstName}'s Favorite Meal» → «Cook {1.SimFirstName}'s Favourite Meal»
«Halfway into the cave {0.SimFirstName} realized that {MA.he}{FA.she} forgot that little chalkboard thing divers can write on, but it was too late to turn back.» → «Halfway into the cave {0.SimFirstName} realised that {MA.he}{FA.she} forgot that little chalkboard thing divers can write on, but it was too late to turn back.»
«{0.SimFirstName} hasn't experienced anything that cold and dark since {MA.he}{FA.she} wandered into that high school poetry slam!» → «{0.SimFirstName} hasn't experienced anything that cold and dark since {MA.he}{FA.she} wandered into that secondary school poetry slam!»
«{0.SimFirstName} saw a sexy, sexy mermaid. Then {MA.he}{FA.she} realized it was a manatee. Then {MA.he}{FA.she} noticed {MA.his}{FA.her} oxygen was a little low.» → «{0.SimFirstName} saw a sexy, sexy mermaid. Then {MA.he}{FA.she} realised it was a manatee. Then {MA.he}{FA.she} noticed {MA.his}{FA.her} oxygen was a little low.»
«Velazquez» → «Velázquez»
«Beckett Theatre» → «Beckett Cinema»
«An important political rally is being held tonight at City Hall, and you’ve been asked to attend. It’s crucial for you to offer your support -- it just might help your career!» → «An important political rally is being held tonight at City Hall, and you’ve been asked to attend. It’s crucial for you to offer your support — it just might help your career!»
«Those delicious meals were certainly worth gaining a few extra pounds!» → «Those delicious meals were certainly worth gaining a few extra kilograms!»
«These light in color grapes are great for making sweet, citrusy Nectar.» → «These light in colour grapes are great for making sweet, citrusy Nectar.»
«{0.SimFirstName}'s patient has a big head, a really big head. It must be Bloatyheaditis!  Of course, she also just came from an area where a severe helium balloon accident recently occurred and it could be just an acute case of Cartoongasitis. Which one does {0.SimFirstName} think it is?» → «{0.SimFirstName}'s patient has a big head, a really big head. It must be Bloatyheaditis! Of course, she also just came from an area where a severe helium balloon accident recently occurred and it could be just an acute case of Cartoongasitis. Which one does {0.SimFirstName} think it is?»
«Types of Fertilizer items in this Sim's inventory» → «Types of Fertiliser items in this Sim's inventory»
«Play with a football on the {OpTarget}.» → «Play with an American football on the {OpTarget}.»
«What has many legs and makes a Sim scream “gross?” Insects, of course! And your Sim wants to analyze one.» → «What has many legs and makes a Sim scream “gross?” Insects, of course! And your Sim wants to analyse one.»
«The biggest problem with nature is that it’s so hard to see at night. Give nature a hand with these elegant outdoor lamps, and light the way to the nocturnal splendor of the outdoors. It blends in so well with its surroundings, you’ll swear each lamp is a real lumapod -- which it is, because that’s a word we just made up.» → «The biggest problem with nature is that it’s so hard to see at night. Give nature a hand with these elegant outdoor lamps, and light the way to the nocturnal splendor of the outdoors. It blends in so well with its surroundings, you’ll swear each lamp is a real lumapod — which it is, because that’s a word we just made up.»
«Designed by insane Finnish zoologist, Knut Schoergllakee, the Crazy Zebra Door spits in the face of all architectural convention and then quacks like a duck for hours. Schoergllakee’s design practically dares you to stare at its insidious stripes without losing your mind. Eat the paradox.» → «Designed by insane Finnish zoologist, Knut Sjörgeläkki, the Crazy Zebra Door spits in the face of all architectural convention and then quacks like a duck for hours. Sjörgeläkki’s design practically dares you to stare at its insidious stripes without losing your mind. Eat the paradox.»
«Free Game» → «Free Match»
«Welcome to the Beginner Circuit, Newbie's Row, Amateur Hour... It's time to show them that you are not ready to head back to the petting zoo just yet! Head on down to the nearest Equestrian Center to check out the competition! Your horse wants to Enter a Beginner Jumping Competition.» → «Welcome to the Beginner Circuit, Newbie's Row, Amateur Hour... It's time to show them that you are not ready to head back to the petting zoo just yet! Head on down to the nearest Equestrian Centre to check out the competition! Your horse wants to Enter a Beginner Jumping Competition.»
«Perform at Theater» → «Perform at Cinema»
«Hates Jumping  Short Description» → «Hates Jumping Short Description»
«The Mini Emperor’s Honor Guard» → «The Mini Emperor’s Honour Guard»
«Cooked the Favorite Meal of {1.SimName}» → «Cooked the Favourite Meal of {1.SimName}»
«Prepare 3 Perfect meals of the following: Grilled Cheese, Hamburger, Stuffed Turkey, Goopy Carbonara, Tri-Tip Steak, and Stew Surprise» → «Prepare 3 Perfect meals of the following: Grilled Cheese, Hamburger, Stuffed Turkey, Spaghetti Carbonara, Tri-Tip Steak, and Stew Surprise»
«Landgraab Industries' latest solution in high technology pet hygiene.  Use it to keep your dogs and cats squeaky clean and free from fleas.» → «Landgraab Industries' latest solution in high technology pet hygiene. Use it to keep your dogs and cats squeaky clean and free from fleas.»
«A couple of {0.SimFirstName}’s co-workers decided to put some of her personal belongings in tapioca molds at work today! {0.SimFirstName} had to eat her things out of the molds, and now everything is sticky. {0.SimFirstName} looks like a loser with tapioca all over her face!» → «A couple of {0.SimFirstName}’s co-workers decided to put some of her personal belongings in tapioca moulds at work today! {0.SimFirstName} had to eat her things out of the moulds, and now everything is sticky. {0.SimFirstName} looks like a loser with tapioca all over her face!»
«Today, one of the new actors was having a terrible time memorizing his lines. {0.SimFirstName} pulled him aside and helped him practice just in time for his big scene. The boss was really impressed with {0.SimFirstName}'s dedication to the film!» → «Today, one of the new actors was having a terrible time memorising his lines. {0.SimFirstName} pulled him aside and helped him practice just in time for his big scene. The boss was really impressed with {0.SimFirstName}'s dedication to the film!»
«Odd things have been happening in my home. I believe there may be a ghost lurking about -- am I crazy? Could you scan a bit to see if there's anything lurking?» → «Odd things have been happening in my home. I believe there may be a ghost lurking about — am I crazy? Could you scan a bit to see if there's anything lurking?»
«Something is going bump in the night, the day -- it's driving me crazy! Could you use that scanner thingy you have to find what's lurking through my house?» → «Something is going bump in the night, the day — it's driving me crazy! Could you use that scanner thingy you have to find what's lurking through my house?»
«The Big Game» → «The Big Match»
«Without peer, {0.SimFirstName} is in charge.» → «Without peer, {0.SimFirstName} is in charge. The Organisation has profited greatly from your efforts. Every major crime fighting organisation files you on their most wanted list, but you’ve left no trace behind. There is no job that cannot be done on this planet... or any other. The Master Thief leaves a permanent mark on The Organisation that is followed by a long, long line of zeros.»
«You've reached the top of the nectar making career, and have earned a place on the legendary Nectar Rack of Fame and Flavor. Savor the taste of your victory!» → «You've reached the top of the nectar making career, and have earned a place on the legendary Nectar Rack of Fame and flavour. Savor the taste of your victory!»
«Honored Entertainer» → «Honoured Entertainer»
«A system API has failed.  Please contact customer support.» → «A system API has failed. Please contact customer support.»
«{1.SimFirstName} has acquired the contents of this computer's hard drive.  Time to bring it back to {2.String}!» → «{1.SimFirstName} has acquired the contents of this computer's hard drive. Time to bring it back to {2.String}!»
«This hideout is apparently not too hidden as {1.SimFirstName} has found it.  Now to see if there are any clues here.» → «This hideout is apparently not too hidden as {1.SimFirstName} has found it. Now to see if there are any clues here.»
«There are many places for Sims to express their love, but none are as romantic as a wardrobe. The hangers and clothes make the perfect colorful backdrop for a romantic rendezvous!» → «There are many places for Sims to express their love, but none are as romantic as a wardrobe. The hangers and clothes make the perfect colourful backdrop for a romantic rendezvous!»
«Your charisma can be seen from a mile away! Sims were wowed by your passion and conviction, and a large sum of Simoleons was signed away to the Campaign Fund. Naturally a portion of that money will go towards your new raise!» → «Your charisma can be seen from a kilometre away! Sims were wowed by your passion and conviction, and a large sum of Simoleons was signed away to the Campaign Fund. Naturally a portion of that money will go towards your new raise!»
«“Your tribute is accepted and appreciated. Now we must go about curing you, though I’m not sure you are ready for the journey. But that is not for me to decide, but the Sphinx!  Yes, you must travel to the Sphinx and beg it to aid you.  If you are found worthy, it will open a path that will lead to your salvation.  Go beg the Sphinx for mercy and enter the path it opens for you.  And let me know what happens!"» → «“Your tribute is accepted and appreciated. Now we must go about curing you, though I’m not sure you are ready for the journey. But that is not for me to decide, but the Sphinx! Yes, you must travel to the Sphinx and beg it to aid you. If you are found worthy, it will open a path that will lead to your salvation. Go beg the Sphinx for mercy and enter the path it opens for you. And let me know what happens!"»
«“Check Lead” at the Theatre before time runs out to earn a job performance boost and raise.» → «“Check Lead” at the Cinema before time runs out to earn a job performance boost and raise.»
«Your boss is glad you took the time to read “The Gift of Life.”  Reading is never a waste of time! Your boss has improved your job performance, and it seems the two of you have grown a bit closer as a result of your efforts.» → «Your boss is glad you took the time to read “The Gift of Life.” Reading is never a waste of time! Your boss has improved your job performance, and it seems the two of you have grown a bit closer as a result of your efforts.»
«Rusted Truck» → «Rusted Van»
«To Travel to the Future, select the Portal, which Sims you would like to take, and jump in! Don’t have a Portal? Just wait for the Time Portal to appear on your lot or purchase one from the catalog. While you are in Oasis Landing, there’s no need to worry about your Home World. During your time away, Time is paused. There’s no need to rush, so stay as long as you’d like!» → «To Travel to the Future, select the Portal, which Sims you would like to take, and jump in! Don’t have a Portal? Just wait for the Time Portal to appear on your lot or purchase one from the catalogue. While you are in Oasis Landing, there’s no need to worry about your Home World. During your time away, Time is paused. There’s no need to rush, so stay as long as you’d like!»
«Meet Emit Relevart, aka the “Time Traveler.” Out of all the times and places Emit’s visited, Oasis Landing is his favorite. He will serve as both your guide and, if you so choose, mentor on your journey Into The Future.\n\nTalk to him  to receive Time Traveler Training, make Oasis Landing more Dystopian or Utopian, or to discover more about the Future.» → «Meet Emit Relevart, aka the “Time Traveller.” Out of all the times and places Emit’s visited, Oasis Landing is his favourite. He will serve as both your guide and, if you so choose, mentor on your journey Into The Future.\n\nTalk to him to receive Time Traveller Training, make Oasis Landing more Dystopian or Utopian, or to discover more about the Future.»
«Dive Wells often contain hidden treausures and secret passageways! Your Sim wants to explore a Dive Well.» → «Dive Wells often contain hidden treasures and secret passageways! Your Sim wants to explore a Dive Well.»
«At the graduation ceremony, {2.SimName} was recognized as the class valedictorian! {MA.He}{FA.She} will never forget that proud moment.» → «At the graduation ceremony, {2.SimName} was recognised as the class valedictorian! {MA.He}{FA.She} will never forget that proud moment.»
«Warning! The town council has an ordinance on the destruction of public property. If {0.SimFirstName} continues being a nuisance, {MA.he}{FA.she} will be fined. Salvaging operations are only permitted at the local junkyard or at {0.SimFirstName}'s home.» → «Warning! The town council has an ordinance on the destruction of public property. If {0.SimFirstName} continues being a nuisance, {MA.he}{FA.she} will be fined. Salvaging operations are only permitted at the local scrapyard or at {0.SimFirstName}'s home.»
«Good Sense of Humor» → «Good Sense of Humour»
«Sharp angles and a high back make this dining chair a fashion fit for any age. A subtle lean makes the occupant look like they’re traveling at supersonic speed.» → «Sharp angles and a high back make this dining chair a fashion fit for any age. A subtle lean makes the occupant look like they’re travelling at supersonic speed.»
«The Binder Clips Center» → «The Binder Clips Centre»
«Visit Fraternity With…» → «Visit Men's College With…»
«Win your next game to earn a large cash bonus.» → «Win your next match to earn a large cash bonus.»
«Arevalo» → «Arévalo»
«We have all the magic tricks that you can imigine and even some that will blow your mind! Shop for a new trick and even pick up some rabbit food at The Dazzler's Dazzilling Magic Shop.» → «We have all the magic tricks that you can imigine and even some that will blow your mind! Shop for a new trick and even pick up some rabbit food at The Dazzler's Dazzilling Magic Shop.»
«What's more exciting than an explosion? Multiple explosions! Your Sim has the urge to Detonate {0.Number} Objects.» → «What's more exciting than an explosion? Multiple explosions! Your Sim has the urge to Detonate {0.Number} Objects.»
«Chic, sophisticated, alluring, the G-Class shower by Ele-Gante has been named the best new luxury shower in its class for the 9th straight year.  J.C. E'Lane, director of public relations, commented: "She's a keeper!" at a recent press event and truer words could not be found.  The G-Class, a first time experience, every time!» → «Chic, sophisticated, alluring, the G-Class shower by Ele-Gante has been named the best new luxury shower in its class for the 9th straight year. J.C. E'Lane, director of public relations, commented: "She's a keeper!" at a recent press event and truer words could not be found. The G-Class, a first time experience, every time!»
«Nothing can wake Heavy Sleepers, for better or worse:  Squalling infants, loud music... raging infernos.» → «Nothing can wake Heavy Sleepers, for better or worse: Squalling infants, loud music... raging infernos.»
«Excellent, the machines were fixed just in time and now the election can proceed according to plan. You very well might have saved democracy! City Hall would like to thank you with this money.» → «Excellent, the machines were fixed just in time and now the budget planning can proceed according to plan. You very well might have saved democracy! City Hall would like to thank you with this money.»
«Did you know that there's a new baby in the neighborhood named {0.SimName}? I've heard that it's really cute, but all babies look the same in my opinion. It's a shame they don't come with more hair.» → «Did you know that there's a new baby in the neighbourhood named {0.SimName}? I've heard that it's really cute, but all babies look the same in my opinion. It's a shame they don't come with more hair.»
«Well, well, well, look who is writing for the competition! Your boss is not pleased... not at all! You’re well liked though, and a valuable piece of the organization, so you’ll only receive a demotion. It could have been worse!» → «Well, well, well, look who is writing for the competition! Your boss is not pleased... not at all! You’re well liked though, and a valuable piece of the organisation, so you’ll only receive a demotion. It could have been worse!»
«{2.SimName} just yelled at {1.SimName}. This is one epic ceiling-shaking shouting match that neither of them will forget soon, nor will the neighbors!» → «{2.SimName} just yelled at {1.SimName}. This is one epic ceiling-shaking shouting match that neither of them will forget soon, nor will the neighbours!»
«Designed for simplicity and efficiency, the Cozy Colonist can be molded out of nearly any substance. When Sims reach the stars, these chairs will be the first things they build.» → «Designed for simplicity and efficiency, the Cosy Colonist can be moulded out of nearly any substance. When Sims reach the stars, these chairs will be the first things they build.»
«Crown Molding» → «Crown Moulding»
«Someone gave the captain a free meal card today, but he isn't allowed to accept gifts. {0.SimFirstName} happened to be standing nearby and the captain handed him the gift card!  {0.SimFirstName} had the meal delivered before leaving work today. Sweet!» → «Someone gave the captain a free meal card today, but he isn't allowed to accept gifts. {0.SimFirstName} happened to be standing nearby and the captain handed him the gift card! {0.SimFirstName} had the meal delivered before leaving work today. Sweet!»
«Start Elementary School» → «Start Primary School»
«Gypsy’s Landing» → «Fortune Tellers’ Landing»
«Earning a university degree is an accomplishment all in itself. But to earn one with a perfect GPA takes as much brawn as it does brains. Late nights will be spent studying and a little luck will be needed to pass exams, but it’s worth it for a perfect GPA.» → «Earning a university degree is an accomplishment all in itself. But to earn one with full distinctions takes as much brawn as it does brains. Late nights will be spent studying and a little luck will be needed to pass exams, but it’s worth it for full distinctions.»
«Dehydration isn't fun.  Seriously.  On top of that, it isn't necessarily putting {0.SimFirstName} in a good mood.» → «Dehydration isn't fun. Seriously. On top of that, it isn't necessarily putting {0.SimFirstName} in a good mood.»
«Favorite Music» → «Favourite Music»
«A newcomer to the craftsman stage, John C. Vaugn has turned his attention away from his former pursuit of involuntary home goods redistribution, and instead has chosen to focus on his institutionally sanctioned pastime, building furniture.  The "I-double D-I" End Table is John's first foray into the field and is made from recycled leg restraints and riot squad shield glass, from the very institution that he called home for the past 37 years.» → «A newcomer to the craftsman stage, John C. Vaugn has turned his attention away from his former pursuit of involuntary home goods redistribution, and instead has chosen to focus on his institutionally sanctioned pastime, building furniture. The "I-double D-I" End Table is John's first foray into the field and is made from recycled leg restraints and riot squad shield glass, from the very institution that he called home for the past 37 years.»
«Terrorizer» → «Terroriser»
«Under punishment of mummification, the rulers of the desert land of Simoglyphia have recently decreed it a mortal offense to use a tree for anything other than creating shade. This has put paper at a great premium, and created an incredible investment opportunity in the papyrus paper market. Buy now and invest in this soon to be valuable commodity!» → «Under punishment of mummification, the rulers of the desert land of Simoglyphia have recently decreed it a mortal offence to use a tree for anything other than creating shade. This has put paper at a great premium, and created an incredible investment opportunity in the papyrus paper market. Buy now and invest in this soon to be valuable commodity!»
«Everyone's favorite tv show is now available as an arcade game! Play as "Exploding Tank Man" to blast and drop explosives from your super tank, protecting the old west from falling into the hands of creatures from the outer world.» → «Everyone's favourite TV show is now available as an arcade game! Play as "Exploding Tank Man" to blast and drop explosives from your super tank, protecting the old west from falling into the hands of creatures from the outer world.»
«Reached the Top Level of the Daycare Career» → «Reached the Top Level of the Nursery Career»
«There are many ways to gain racing skill. You can begin by practicing with the Race Training Posts or letting your horse perform the self-interaction Gallop Around. Once you feel comfortable, you can have your horse enter the Race or Cross-Country competitions at the Equestrian Center.» → «There are many ways to gain racing skill. You can begin by practicing with the Race Training Posts or letting your horse perform the self-interaction Gallop Around. Once you feel comfortable, you can have your horse enter the Race or Cross-Country competitions at the Equestrian Centre.»
«The Racing Skill is a horse only skill that increases a horse's performance in certain Equestrian Center competitions as well as increasing the speed of a horse's gallop.» → «The Racing Skill is a horse only skill that increases a horse's performance in certain Equestrian Centre competitions as well as increasing the speed of a horse's gallop.»
«The Summer Festival has arrived in town! Join your friends for long days packed with excitement under the warm sun. Come hungry for hot dogs and snow cones. Then get ready to burn calories in the skating rink or play a game of soccer. Maybe you'll just grab a spray tan and relax as fireworks fill the evening sky. Whatever you choose, it's sure to be a great time!» → «The Summer Festival has arrived in town! Join your friends for long days packed with excitement under the warm sun. Come hungry for hot dogs and sorbets. Then get ready to burn calories in the skating rink or play a match of football. Maybe you'll just grab a spray tan and relax as fireworks fill the evening sky. Whatever you choose, it's sure to be a great time!»
«Ask on Date to Theatre» → «Ask on Date to Cinema»
«Tired of being the outsider on your block? Well, if you really want to fit in with the popular crowd, then its time to give in to a Peer Pressure Gate. All the cool neighbors have one, so why not you? You are cool, right?» → «Tired of being the outsider on your block? Well, if you really want to fit in with the popular crowd, then its time to give in to a Peer Pressure Gate. All the cool neighbours have one, so why not you? You are cool, right?»
«Attend Event at Stadium» → «Attend Event at Stadium»
«58 Civic Center» → «58 Civic Centre»
«An angry voice resounds from below.  "You have been warned, now prepare to meet your fate!"» → «An angry voice resounds from below. "You have been warned, now prepare to meet your fate!"»
«Your boss wants to ensure the public knows all about the officers patrolling the neighborhood. Take the time to visit three of your neighbors at their homes to get on your boss’ good side and improve your chances for a promotion.» → «Your boss wants to ensure the public knows all about the officers patrolling the neighbourhood. Take the time to visit three of your neighbours at their homes to get on your boss’ good side and improve your chances for a promotion.»
«Firefighter's Trophy of Honor» → «Firefighter's Trophy of Honour»
«Don’t those bugs have a delightful crunch? And the nutty flavor! Yes, I’ve tried a few myself.» → «Don’t those bugs have a delightful crunch? And the nutty flavour! Yes, I’ve tried a few myself.»
«Branch is a fairy known all over Moonlight Falls for the delicious fruits and vegetables his gardens produce. He says the secret ingredients are a little love and pixie dust. He’s not sure what his favorite part of gardening is - catching some rays or talking to all of his sweet little plants. Branch now has his best buddy Dayvid to tend the gardens.» → «Branch is a fairy known all over Moonlight Falls for the delicious fruits and vegetables his gardens produce. He says the secret ingredients are a little love and pixie dust. He’s not sure what his favourite part of gardening is - catching some rays or talking to all of his sweet little plants. Branch now has his best buddy Dayvid to tend the gardens.»
«Spells come in a wide variety, from charming someone with a lucky day to cursing the neighborhood with a plague of pestilence! Witches can perform rituals to alter objects around them or harness the elements to blast Sims and objects with fire and ice. Nice witches cast helpful charms on other Sims, while naughty witches torment them with pesky curses.» → «Spells come in a wide variety, from charming someone with a lucky day to cursing the neighbourhood with a plague of pestilence! Witches can perform rituals to alter objects around them or harness the elements to blast Sims and objects with fire and ice. Nice witches cast helpful charms on other Sims, while naughty witches torment them with pesky curses.»
«Repoman! Repoman! The "friendly" neighborhood Repoman is on your lot!» → «Repoman! Repoman! The "friendly" neighbourhood Repoman is on your lot!»
«The modern furnishing movement has been well-marketed on three etched in stone principles: Spare lines, easy colors and an incredible meatball. The Desk Moderné features two out of three, and for good reason. This is a place of business, not a cafeteria!» → «The modern furnishing movement has been well-marketed on three etched in stone principles: Spare lines, easy colours and an incredible meatball. The Desk Moderné features two out of three, and for good reason. This is a place of business, not a cafeteria!»
«Congratulations on becoming a top tier Inventor! Your discoveries and accomplishments have made an impact on inventing and science worldwide, and brought fame to the town of {TownName}. The City Council has voted unanimously to honor your achievements by gifting you with the {1.String} at a ceremony at City Hall.» → «Congratulations on becoming a top tier Inventor! Your discoveries and accomplishments have made an impact on inventing and science worldwide, and brought fame to the town of {TownName}. The City Council has voted unanimously to honour your achievements by gifting you with the {1.String} at a ceremony at City Hall.»
«A Sim who loves to live off the land and is respectful of Mother Nature, Dahlia is a Fairy’s fairy in the truest sense. She loves to spend the day tending the gardens and nursing sick plants but isn’t above the occasional prank or two when her loving husband Pip isn’t stirring up trouble. As a young girl, Dahlia would always sing and hum while she was tending the garden and after being told she had the voice of an angel, she realized she had a real future as a musician. She warmly welcomes Fawn into the family and is excited to spending her time with her new daughter.» → «A Sim who loves to live off the land and is respectful of Mother Nature, Dahlia is a Fairy’s fairy in the truest sense. She loves to spend the day tending the gardens and nursing sick plants but isn’t above the occasional prank or two when her loving husband Pip isn’t stirring up trouble. As a young girl, Dahlia would always sing and hum while she was tending the garden and after being told she had the voice of an angel, she realised she had a real future as a musician. She warmly welcomes Fawn into the family and is excited to spending her time with her new daughter.»
«Play Drums at {OpTarget}'s party  to earn some money.» → «Play Drums at {OpTarget}'s party to earn some money.»
«It turns out the corporate entities are not only being lawful, they’ve revolutionized their accounting practices. It’s a great business story and the Editor wants to run it immediately! Enjoy the raise and a job performance increase – you’ve earned them.» → «It turns out the corporate entities are not only being lawful, they’ve revolutionised their accounting practices. It’s a great business story and the Editor wants to run it immediately! Enjoy the raise and a job performance increase – you’ve earned them.»
«{0.SimFirstName} has been helping the Preserve Our Llamas movement in the local area and did a great write-up on their cause. They have responded by making {0.SimFirstName} an honorary member and singing his praises to the higher ups at his office!» → «{0.SimFirstName} has been helping the Preserve Our Llamas movement in the local area and did a great write-up on their cause. They have responded by making {0.SimFirstName} an honourary member and singing his praises to the higher ups at his office!»
«Dalmatian Company Heritage Truck» → «Dalmatian Company Heritage Van»
«The Professional Angler figures if they’re going to stand all day waiting for the fish to bite, they might as well get something out of it.  Pack the icebox full of a day’s catch and be sure to sell it for a profit, you’ll see yourself promoted through the Angler ranks in no time.» → «The Professional Angler figures if they’re going to stand all day waiting for the fish to bite, they might as well get something out of it. Pack the icebox full of a day’s catch and be sure to sell it for a profit, you’ll see yourself promoted through the Angler ranks in no time.»
«Triple Stack Trashcan» → «Triple Stack Waste Bin»
«Twinbrook Buy and Bargain Consignment Shop» → «Twinbrook Buy and Bargain Thrift Shop»
«This crib may not look like much, but it definitely isn't a security fence. The designers envisioned it to be a blank canvas where impressionable young minds can flourish without being inundated with the stereotypical imagery of corporate childhood. This cubicle features solid steel crossbeams  for ensured stability, yet plush cushioning ideal for post-lunch naps.» → «This crib may not look like much, but it definitely isn't a security fence. The designers envisioned it to be a blank canvas where impressionable young minds can flourish without being inundated with the stereotypical imagery of corporate childhood. This cubicle features solid steel crossbeams for ensured stability, yet plush cushioning ideal for post-lunch naps.»
«Placing the new lot here will require bulldozing the current lot contents.  This will not be undoable.  Are you sure you wish to continue?» → «Placing the new lot here will require bulldosing the current lot contents. This will not be undoable. Are you sure you wish to continue?»
«Since {OpOwner} decided not  to show up at fundraiser, thousands of waiters won't realize their dreams of becoming the next big star. If {OpOwner} wants to make it in this business, it would be best not to lose relationship with studio employees again by skipping out on your commitments.» → «Since {OpOwner} decided not to show up at the fundraiser, thousands of waiters won't realise their dreams of becoming the next big star. If {OpOwner} wants to make it in this business, it would be best not to lose relationship with studio employees again by skipping out on your commitments.»
«{2.SimName} just won a game of darts. {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember getting that last bullseye that sealed {MA.his}{FA.her} victory!» → «{2.SimName} just won a match of darts. {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember getting that last bullseye that sealed {MA.his}{FA.her} victory!»
«The previous owner of this car was into competitive barbeque, hence the sauce stains on the seats, dash, floor and top. Instead of scrubbing them out, try adding your own. Some might call it disgusting, but you can call it "customization."» → «The previous owner of this car was into competitive barbecue, hence the sauce stains on the seats, dash, floor and top. Instead of scrubbing them out, try adding your own. Some might call it disgusting, but you can call it "customisation."»
«That meal was awesome!  The explosion of flavor will be hard to forget.» → «That meal was awesome! The explosion of flavour will be hard to forget.»
«Hernandez» → «Hernández»
«This Residential Home is best used when placed in the world of Appaloosa Plains -- This deluxe home is great for any large family of Sims - or pets! The outdoorsy type will love the homey barn for horses and the large back deck for hosting parties. Notable features include an elegant full size dining room complete with marble tiled fireplace, not to mention the built in library. A kitchen with island counters makes the perfect space for serving a quick cozy meal.» → «This Residential Home is best used when placed in the world of Appaloosa Plains — This deluxe home is great for any large family of Sims - or pets! The outdoorsy type will love the homey barn for horses and the large back deck for hosting parties. Notable features include an elegant full size dining room complete with marble tiled fireplace, not to mention the built in library. A kitchen with island counters makes the perfect space for serving a quick cosy meal.»
«70 Town Center Drive» → «70 Town Centre Drive»
«Popularity isn’t just a grade school desire, but a sign that the community enjoys the friendship of your Sim. Unselfish socialization is quite the worthwhile pursuit. Know that the social landscape is also dotted with the boring and the rude, a hodge-podge of society’s best and worst individuals.» → «Popularity isn’t just a grade school desire, but a sign that the community enjoys the friendship of your Sim. Unselfish socialisation is quite the worthwhile pursuit. Know that the social landscape is also dotted with the boring and the rude, a hodge-podge of society’s best and worst individuals.»
«Study Color Wheel» → «Study Colour Wheel»
«Your Sim wants their town to be a center of entertainment. Invite Singers, Acrobats, and Magicians to perform at the venues around town!» → «Your Sim wants their town to be a centre of entertainment. Invite Singers, Acrobats, and Magicians to perform at the venues around town!»
«Hope {1.SimName} wasn't too fond of color! {0.SimName} just used Clear Dew on {1.SimFirstName}, wiping out any prior Dew effects.» → «Hope {1.SimName} wasn't too fond of colour! {0.SimName} just used Clear Dew on {1.SimFirstName}, wiping out any prior Dew effects.»
«Theatre Terror» → «Cinema Terror»
«I’m starting to take my cooking seriously, and now I need a serious kitchen.  Build me a place where I can sauté my mirepoix and roll my famous pappardelle.» → «I’m starting to take my cooking seriously, and now I need a serious kitchen. Build me a place where I can sauté my mirepoix and roll my famous pappardelle.»
«A particularly bossy Sim tried to correct {0.SimFirstName} several times utilizing their amateur web searching ability, but it turns out medical school is better than the Internet sometimes!» → «A particularly bossy Sim tried to correct {0.SimFirstName} several times utilising their amateur web searching ability, but it turns out medical school is better than the Internet sometimes!»
«Play a Four-Player Game of Pool» → «Play a Four-Player Game of Snooker»
«Now that I think about it, they are pretty cool.  Maybe we'll hang out more.» → «Now that I think about it, they are pretty cool. Maybe we'll hang out more.»
«Wow, you sound like you love them.  Maybe you should marry, ha ha!» → «Wow, you sound like you love them. Maybe you should marry, ha ha!»
«Depriving a horse of attention to this point isn't really considered "caring for {MA.him}{FA.her}".  Give {0.SimFirstName} some affection before {MA.he}{FA.she} needs to find a better home.» → «Depriving a horse of attention to this point isn't really considered "caring for {MA.him}{FA.her}". Give {0.SimFirstName} some affection before {MA.he}{FA.she} needs to find a better home.»
«It's ethnic week at work and everyone has been asked to bring in a unique dish to ‘broaden the flavors’ of the new menu. Learn how to make Egyptian Falafel and bring a serving to work to impress your co-workers. Your contribution will earn you a raise.» → «It's ethnic week at work and everyone has been asked to bring in a unique dish to ‘broaden the flavours’ of the new menu. Learn how to make Egyptian Falafel and bring a serving to work to impress your co-workers. Your contribution will earn you a raise.»
«Apparently, {16.SimName} is a some kind of celebrity blogger and {0.SimName}'s a huge fan.  Not only did you get paid for the weird request, but your relationship with {16.SimName} has improved because you kept it a secret.» → «Apparently, {16.SimName} is a some kind of celebrity blogger and {0.SimName}'s a huge fan. Not only did you get paid for the weird request, but your relationship with {16.SimName} has improved because you kept it a secret.»
«{1.SimName} might not realize it yet, but the next time {MB.he}{FB.she} falls asleep {MB.his}{FB.her} brain is going to accomplish amazing things. {1.SimName} will improve some skill thanks to the Vial of Potent Enlightenment.» → «{1.SimName} might not realise it yet, but the next time {MB.he}{FB.she} falls asleep {MB.his}{FB.her} brain is going to accomplish amazing things. {1.SimName} will improve some skill thanks to the Vial of Potent Enlightenment.»
«Traveling Through Time» → «Travelling Through Time»
«Became Immortalized as the {1.String}» → «Became Immortalised as the {1.String}»
«Snobs are very hard to impress, though they love hearing about themselves and will never turn down a compliment. They dream of owning only the finest things and being associated with the highest echelon of neighborhood Sims.» → «Snobs are very hard to impress, though they love hearing about themselves and will never turn down a compliment. They dream of owning only the finest things and being associated with the highest echelon of neighbourhood Sims.»
«As a Sous Chef, you must step back from the intriguing flavors and tackle the sour issues of kitchen management. The orders now come from up top and customers waiting for their meal, so satisfy all, or go home hungry and empty handed.» → «As a Sous Chef, you must step back from the intriguing flavours and tackle the sour issues of kitchen management. The orders now come from up top and customers waiting for their meal, so satisfy all, or go home hungry and empty handed.»
«Your singing was so amazing, the doctor thought you’d brought someone back to life. Later, he realized you’d just plugged your microphone into the wrong outlet.» → «Your singing was so amazing, the doctor thought you’d brought someone back to life. Later, he realised you’d just plugged your microphone into the wrong outlet.»
«The time for playin' around has ended. It's time you took on bigger events and challenges. No nation too big or too great can stop you from Equestrian World Domination.  Your horse wants to win an International Jumping Competition.» → «The time for playin' around has ended. It's time you took on bigger events and challenges. No nation too big or too great can stop you from Equestrian World Domination. Your horse wants to win an International Jumping Competition.»
«You've trained consistently around the clock the past couple of months for this very moment. It's time to show the world, that training wasn’t a wasted effort!  Your horse wants to win a Beginner Jumping Competition.» → «You've trained consistently around the clock the past couple of months for this very moment. It's time to show the world, that training wasn’t a wasted effort! Your horse wants to win a Beginner Jumping Competition.»
«Read "Standardized Test Standards" to improve your job performance and increase your relationship with your boss.» → «Read "Standardised Test Standards" to improve your job performance and increase your relationship with your boss.»
«Play Argyle Sinclair at the Theatre.» → «Play Argyle Sinclair at the Cinema.»
«{0.SimFirstName} got tired of waiting and went home!  Get Vaccinating!» → «{0.SimFirstName} got tired of waiting and went home! Get Vaccinating!»
«Fertilization requires the proper state of mind and sturdy nose plugs. Be sure to fertilize your crops most efficiently to maximize profits and minimize time in the hot sun.» → «Fertilisation requires the proper state of mind and sturdy nose plugs. Be sure to fertilise your crops most efficiently to maximise profits and minimise time in the hot sun.»
«{0.SimFirstName} was out on a job and while she was getting out of the area she managed to stash an extra trinket.  Look for it in your family inventory.  Nothing like handling your own bonuses for once, eh?» → «{0.SimFirstName} was out on a job and while she was getting out of the area she managed to stash an extra trinket. Look for it in your family inventory. Nothing like handling your own bonuses for once, eh?»
«Your cat has heard the call of the wild and wants to show its ferocious cat nature by going out and catching something with its bare paws!  Your cat wants to Go Hunting.» → «Your cat has heard the call of the wild and wants to show its ferocious cat nature by going out and catching something with its bare paws! Your cat wants to Go Hunting.»
«{2.SimName} just signed an autograph. {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember how {MA.she}{FA.he} faked humility when {MA.he}{FA.she} got recognized!» → «{2.SimName} just signed an autograph. {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember how {MA.she}{FA.he} faked humility when {MA.he}{FA.she} got recognised!»
«It's time to root, root, root for the home team! Your Sim hopes to see a game at the local stadium – quick, before the season ends!» → «It's time to root, root, root for the home team! Your Sim hopes to see a match at the local stadium – quick, before the season ends!»
«{OpSource} spent more time gabbing about the estimated value of the statue and its regal origins than telling me anything useful about recovering the piece. I should ask around town to see if anybody has seen this prized piece.» → «{OpSource} spent more time gabbing about the estimated value of the statue and its regal origins than telling me anything useful about recovering the piece. I should ask around town to see if anybody has seen this prized piece.»
«Girbits has a normal name, but he instead prefers to take on the name of his online game avatar. Instead of going to a show on Friday nights like other teens, Girbits chooses to spend his night in front of the warm glow of the computer screen leveling up his characters. He’s also not adverse to a little computer hacking to pass the time.  Although he unfortunately hacked the wrong guy, and now Addison Batez is a sworn enemy of his. Since moving in with his grandma, Girbits has enjoyed his stay (maybe a bit too well, since he has little motivation to ever move out…)» → «Girbits has a normal name, but he instead prefers to take on the name of his online game avatar. Instead of going to a show on Friday nights like other teens, Girbits chooses to spend his night in front of the warm glow of the computer screen leveling up his characters. He’s also not adverse to a little computer hacking to pass the time. Although he unfortunately hacked the wrong guy, and now Addison Batez is a sworn enemy of his. Since moving in with his grandma, Girbits has enjoyed his stay (maybe a bit too well, since he has little motivation to ever move out…)»
«Random Color» → «Random Colour»
«Analyze» → «Analyse»
«A triumph in symphonic furnishing, the Sofa Sonata is a slow-tempo etude of couchy comfort and style. The melodic frame is upholstered with Fabric-Forte, a loud material harmonized beautifully with counterpoint hemming.» → «A triumph in symphonic furnishing, the Sofa Sonata is a slow-tempo etude of couchy comfort and style. The melodic frame is upholstered with Fabric-Forte, a loud material harmonised beautifully with counterpoint hemming.»
«The record label thinks the band will do much better on the charts if they start touring more. Three concerts at the Theatre are all the band needs to jump start their way to fame and music history. Aside from the benefits of playing a show, your job performance will increase and you’ll grow closer to your band mates.» → «The record label thinks the band will do much better on the charts if they start touring more. Three concerts at the Cinema are all the band needs to jump start their way to fame and music history. Aside from the benefits of playing a show, your job performance will increase and you’ll grow closer to your band mates.»
«Sims love being recognized by their fans. Celebrity status is so cool!» → «Sims love being recognised by their fans. Celebrity status is so cool!»
«Investigate Diner» → «Investigate Eatery»
«{0.SimFirstName} desperately needs to have some play time!  Being deprived of fun to this extent couldn't possibly be enjoyable.» → «{0.SimFirstName} desperately needs to have some play time! Being deprived of fun to this extent couldn't possibly be enjoyable.»
«Your Sim want to be more politically involved, but nobody can make a difference alone. Find a public gathering, raise your Sim's voice and find some fellow-travelers to share this difficult road.» → «Your Sim wants to be more politically involved, but nobody can make a difference alone. Find a public gathering, raise your Sim's voice and find some fellow-travellers to share this difficult road.»
«Your Sim can one day become the leader of the most diabolical organization in the world. Strong evil office relationships are a must, as is possessing enough athletic ability to stop the interferences of nosy government spies. Evil vigilance is a must!» → «Your Sim can one day become the leader of the most diabolical organisation in the world. Strong evil office relationships are a must, as is possessing enough athletic ability to stop the interferences of nosy government spies. Evil vigilance is a must!»
«Urchins, stones, and seashells make for a colorful floor decoration.» → «Urchins, stones, and seashells make for a colourful floor decoration.»
«Customize Lifetime Wish» → «Customise Lifetime Wish»
«Nothing makes me feel better than giving to charity... well that and attending charity galas! I'm going to need it all: formalwear, shoes, accessories, you name it, if I'm going to stay in the gala circuit.» → «Nothing makes me feel better than giving to charity... well that and attending charity galas! I'm going to need it all: formalwear, shoes, accessories, you name it, if I'm going to stay in the gala circles.»
«It’s the explosion you can hold in your hand! The Sparkler! Behold as you control a continual shower of sparks that flash brilliantly yet don’t burn the skin. Have you ever known power such as this? YOU HAVE NOT! These sparkle in the classic “blinding white” color.» → «It’s the explosion you can hold in your hand! The Sparkler! Behold as you control a continual shower of sparks that flash brilliantly yet don’t burn the skin. Have you ever known power such as this? YOU HAVE NOT! These sparkle in the classic “blinding white” colour.»
«Maintain good grades to get on the honor roll and earn a cash reward.» → «Maintain good grades to get on the honour roll and earn a cash reward.»
«Socialize with a {1.String}» → «Socialise with a {1.String}»
«Fresh Cookies for Sale!» → «Fresh Biscuits for Sale!»
«A modest pad for a modest Sim, this well-built prefab has stood the test of time. Though the kitchen is small and the bathroom barely fits one, the gigantic living room sets this beauty apart from other budget homes.  Make this prefab your home, and you’ll soon be convinced that living in any other house is truly overrated.» → «A modest pad for a modest Sim, this well-built prefab has stood the test of time. Though the kitchen is small and the bathroom barely fits one, the gigantic living room sets this beauty apart from other budget homes. Make this prefab your home, and you’ll soon be convinced that living in any other house is truly overrated.»
«The Set Access Level option sets what types of Sims are allowed to pass the barrier rope. If you select "Everyone," all Sims can pass. The "No One" option prevents all Sims from passing the barrier rope regardless of the other options you set, such as "Celebrity Level" or "Bribe Amount." To customize the access restriction on the barrier rope, select "Limited."» → «The Set Access Level option sets what types of Sims are allowed to pass the barrier rope. If you select "Everyone," all Sims can pass. The "No One" option prevents all Sims from passing the barrier rope regardless of the other options you set, such as "Celebrity Level" or "Bribe Amount." To customise the access restriction on the barrier rope, select "Limited."»
«Each Regifted Window starts as a brand new present for a dear friend, who in return brings it to our regifting center for redistribution. Since Regifted Windows cannot be re-regifted, all sales are considered final.» → «Each Regifted Window starts as a brand new present for a dear friend, who in return brings it to our regifting centre for redistribution. Since Regifted Windows cannot be re-regifted, all sales are considered final.»
«Unsightly Urban Trash Can» → «Unsightly Urban Waste Bin»
«Prom is a night to remember for high school students, filled with limos and uncomfortable formalwear. Your Sim wants to Attend Prom. Don't forget to find a date!» → «Prom is a night to remember for secondary school students, filled with limos and uncomfortable formalwear. Your Sim wants to Attend Prom. Don't forget to find a date!»
«Thrown by the whims of fate into contact with a mysterious Time Traveler, {0.SimName} befriended him and proceeded to master the art of timeline manipulation.» → «Thrown by the whims of fate into contact with a mysterious Time Traveller, {0.SimName} befriended him and proceeded to master the art of timeline manipulation.»
«I found a piece of food. It's quite icky and nasty, but it may have the saliva I'm looking for. I should analyze this food at the police station.» → «I found a piece of food. It's quite icky and nasty, but it may have the saliva I'm looking for. I should analyse this food at the police station.»
«Cats hate being dirty!  Unfortunately, they also hate water.  To remedy this situation, cats were made with magical loufah tongues perfect for cleaning!  Your cat would like to put its tongue to work and Groom Itself.» → «Cats hate being dirty! Unfortunately, they also hate water. To remedy this situation, cats were made with magical loufah tongues perfect for cleaning! Your cat would like to put its tongue to work and Groom Itself.»
«Analyze All» → «Analyse All»
«Although it is newer and boasts better views, Two Leo Center is forever the runner up among Bridgeport’s best locations to live.» → «Although it is newer and boasts better views, Two Leo Centre is forever the runner up among Bridgeport’s best locations to live.»
«“The rumors are true! Karnak is indeed filled with riches beyond our wildest imaginations. I may have more expeditions for you to undertake in the future. Take these coins, for they are well earned.”» → «“The rumours are true! Karnak is indeed filled with riches beyond our wildest imaginations. I may have more expeditions for you to undertake in the future. Take these coins, for they are well earned.”»
«The theatre packs a punch of entertainment for Sims. Your Sim really wants to visit the theatre to see what it offers. Send your Sim to the theatre to check things out!» → «The cinema packs a punch of entertainment for Sims. Your Sim really wants to visit the cinema to see what it offers. Send your Sim to the cinema to check things out!»
«It would be a crime if Sims with fine style and keen fashion sense were to utilize their gifts only for themselves. If your Sim yearns to make others more beautiful, to transform ugly ducklings into suave swans, then a career in the Stylist Profession is the only natural course! Trendy taste for make-up, hair styles, and fabric patterns are a must for any Sim aspiring to reach the end of the fashion runway.» → «It would be a crime if Sims with fine style and keen fashion sense were to utilise their gifts only for themselves. If your Sim yearns to make others more beautiful, to transform ugly ducklings into suave swans, then a career in the Stylist Profession is the only natural course! Trendy taste for make-up, hair styles, and fabric patterns are a must for any Sim aspiring to reach the end of the fashion runway.»
«Plumbots cannot join a career without the Office Drone Trait Chip.» → «Plumbots cannot join a career without the Office Drone Trait Chip.»
«Enjoy the soft neon glow of this multi-faceted, bubble-spewing column. Let its irridescent glow set the mood for any occasion, and with an infinite number of possible colors, this column will fit in with all of your current and future color schemes!» → «Enjoy the soft neon glow of this multi-faceted, bubble-spewing column. Let its irridescent glow set the mood for any occasion, and with an infinite number of possible colours, this column will fit in with all of your current and future colour schemes!»
«Travel to the Celtic Ruins up the road and behind the Nectary.  Enter the ruins, and find {2.String}'s missing object in a hole in the floor.  Then return it to {2.String}.» → «Travel to the Celtic Ruins up the road and behind the Nectary. Enter the ruins, and find {2.String}'s missing object in a hole in the floor. Then return it to {2.String}.»
«Hitting the road is time-honored circus tradition. Let your Acrobat follow tradition by going on tour, and you’ll both be well-rewarded.» → «Hitting the road is time-honoured circus tradition. Let your Acrobat follow tradition by going on tour, and you’ll both be well-rewarded.»
«Do not be afraid of computers.  Be afraid of the lack of them.» → «Do not be afraid of computers. Be afraid of the lack of them.»
«Dominoes can be addicting, and your Sim is hooked! Your Sim want to play as many games as possible; it's just so much fun!» → «Dominoes can be addicting, and your Sim is hooked! Your Sim wants to play as many games as possible; it's just so much fun!»
«You've been working your way up the ranks, but no one recognizes you on the streets. Your publicist thinks you need to show your face around the town. Meet at least 4 new Sims in order to win yourself some recognition.» → «You've been working your way up the ranks, but no one recognises you on the streets. Your publicist thinks you need to show your face around the town. Meet at least 4 new Sims in order to win yourself some recognition.»
«• Other Sims will want to socialize with your Sim more often.» → «• Other Sims will want to socialise with your Sim more often.»
«You placed a laundromat.  This lot is great for washing the clothes and sheets of sims who have no washer or dryer at home.» → «You placed a laundromat. This lot is great for washing the clothes and sheets of sims who have no washer or dryer at home.»
«Mac and Cheese» → «Macaroni Cheese»
«Oasis Landing Community Center» → «Oasis Landing Community Centre»
«Janet Pok is the law. The town saying is you can’t spell law without Janet and for good reason. From hall monitor, to captain of the neighborhood watch, to the Moonlight Falls police force, Janet’s whole life has been about keeping order and putting rule breakers in detention. Or jail. Everything she says and does is planned and executed by the book with no exceptions. So why did she throw a wrench into all of her carefully laid plans by falling for David? Well, every book has its twists…» → «Janet Pok is the law. The town saying is you can’t spell law without Janet and for good reason. From hall monitor, to captain of the neighbourhood watch, to the Moonlight Falls police force, Janet’s whole life has been about keeping order and putting rule breakers in detention. Or jail. Everything she says and does is planned and executed by the book with no exceptions. So why did she throw a wrench into all of her carefully laid plans by falling for David? Well, every book has its twists…»
«There are no dryers on this lot. You can buy one in the buy catalog.» → «There are no dryers on this lot. You can buy one in the buy catalogue.»
«When destiny causes paths to intertwine, this bench is usually nearby.  On Nom Nom Inc.  offers seating for Sims with a more sophisticated taste who are looking to see how a simple twist of fate can forever alter the paths of strangers and friends alike.» → «When destiny causes paths to intertwine, this bench is usually nearby. On Nom Nom Inc. offers seating for Sims with a more sophisticated taste who are looking to see how a simple twist of fate can forever alter the paths of strangers and friends alike.»
«Goopy Carbonara» → «Spaghetti Carbonara»
«You've just had some bills delivered to your mailbox. Remember to pay them on time!» → «You've just had some bills delivered to your post box. Remember to pay them on time!»
«Corona» → «Király»
«Brushing sand from {MA.his}{FA.her} eyes, {0.SimFirstName} realized {MA.he}{FA.she} was in a desert of melting clocks. If only there were some way to know what time it really was.» → «Brushing sand from {MA.his}{FA.her} eyes, {0.SimFirstName} realised {MA.he}{FA.she} was in a desert of melting clocks. If only there were some way to know what time it really was.»
«{0.SimFirstName} has encountered a civilization of llamas. At first they appeared intelligent, then they challenged {0.SimFirstName} to a spitting contest.» → «{0.SimFirstName} has encountered a civilisation of llamas. At first they appeared intelligent, then they challenged {0.SimFirstName} to a spitting contest.»
«After sliding from one paradox to another, {0.SimFirstName} finally found some solid ground. {MA.He}{FA.She} was ecstatic to have at least a moment to regain equilibrium without tossing {MA.his}{FA.her} cookies.» → «After sliding from one paradox to another, {0.SimFirstName} finally found some solid ground. {MA.He}{FA.She} was ecstatic to have at least a moment to regain equilibrium without tossing {MA.his}{FA.her} biscuits.»
«The makers of Shout Out Shutters want to give recognition and boisterous thanks to their dear friends June Bug, Fat Seth, and Dr. Hung. They also wish to express pride in their respective neighborhoods. Word to them all.» → «The makers of Shout Out Shutters want to give recognition and boisterous thanks to their dear friends June Bug, Fat Seth, and Dr. Hung. They also wish to express pride in their respective neighbourhoods. Word to them all.»
«It was a good day to be {0.SimFirstName}, who has just been promoted to {1.String}. "I knew if I worked hard enough and long enough," she said, "I'd get my reward someday."  As it turns out, that day is today.» → «It was a good day to be {0.SimFirstName}, who has just been promoted to {1.String}. "I knew if I worked hard enough and long enough," she said, "I'd get my reward someday." As it turns out, that day is today.»
«{0.String} Pancakes» → «{0.String} American Pancakes»
«A musical virtuoso can strum a guitar with one hand while tickling the ivories with the other. Your Sim is not satisfied with mastering just one instrument, but yearns to become an expert at them all! Hours of jamming may not make the neighbors your Sim's friend, but it is the only way to unlock her true musical potential.» → «A musical virtuoso can strum a guitar with one hand while tickling the ivories with the other. Your Sim is not satisfied with mastering just one instrument, but yearns to become an expert at them all! Hours of jamming may not make the neighbours your Sim's friend, but it is the only way to unlock her true musical potential.»
«The future must be an amazing place -- moon bases, robot dogs, and jetpacks for everyone! Your Sim wants to travel to the future via the time machine to confirm these suspicions.» → «The future must be an amazing place — moon bases, robot dogs, and jetpacks for everyone! Your Sim wants to travel to the future via the time machine to confirm these suspicions.»
«Customize employee uniforms to fit the theme of your resort. Choose a preset theme for all resort employees from the front desk or change it for each worker by selecting the option directly from the amenity object. A higher level of customization is available by clicking on a worker and choosing to create a customized uniform. Custom uniforms are assigned per Sim so hiring a new employee will force the default outfit.» → «Customise employee uniforms to fit the theme of your resort. Choose a preset theme for all resort employees from the front desk or change it for each worker by selecting the option directly from the amenity object. A higher level of customisation is available by clicking on a worker and choosing to create a customised uniform. Custom uniforms are assigned per Sim so hiring a new employee will force the default outfit.»
«Now that you own a resort, it is time to build it out and customize it. Use Build and Buy Modes to build structures and place down key resort amenity objects. Resort specific catalog sorts allow you to easily find objects that allow business operation options. Decorations also contribute to your resort rating. If you're looking for a quick way to build your resort, you can try using Blueprint Mode. There are new resort-specific blueprints to choose from.» → «Now that you own a resort, it is time to build it out and customise it. Use Build and Buy Modes to build structures and place down key resort amenity objects. Resort specific catalogue sorts allow you to easily find objects that allow business operation options. Decorations also contribute to your resort rating. If you're looking for a quick way to build your resort, you can try using Blueprint Mode. There are new resort-specific blueprints to choose from.»
«Hours of research finally yield some interesting results that could change the way people think about Ghost Studies! {0.SimName} has discovered a lost series of illustrated spectral cook books, which are translucent and float a few inches above the table. {MA.He}{FA.She} could examine the illustrations in depth, or {MA.he}{FA.she} could try to decipher the recipes within. What should {0.SimName} do?» → «Hours of research finally yield some interesting results that could change the way people think about Ghost Studies! {0.SimName} has discovered a lost series of illustrated spectral cook books, which are translucent and float a few centimetres above the table. {MA.He}{FA.She} could examine the illustrations in depth, or {MA.he}{FA.she} could try to decipher the recipes within. What should {0.SimName} do?»
«There are a few ways to gain Riding Skill. You can start off by reading Riding books which can be purchased from your local bookstore, or you can also attend riding classes at the Equestrian Center.» → «There are a few ways to gain Riding Skill. You can start off by reading Riding books which can be purchased from your local bookstore, or you can also attend riding classes at the Equestrian Centre.»
«Traveling abroad means meeting and befriending interesting local Sims. Your Sim wants to meet a Sim native to a foreign land.» → «Travelling abroad means meeting and befriending interesting local Sims. Your Sim wants to meet a Sim native to a foreign land.»
«The higher the Visa level the more benefits Sims can enjoy while traveling abroad. Your Sim wants to earn a level {0.Number} Chinese Visa.» → «The higher the Visa level the more benefits Sims can enjoy while travelling abroad. Your Sim wants to earn a level {0.Number} Chinese Visa.»
«“Incredible how you secured the second relic... simply incredible!  Meanwhile I've been tracking down the final one with both the book and the data.  I believe the town’s Relic Merchant, {2.String}, knows the location of the third relic. The merchant is an odd fellow though and a shrewd trader so it’s doubtful the information will be easy to get. Pay the merchant a visit and try to obtain the information.”» → «“Incredible how you secured the second relic... simply incredible! Meanwhile I've been tracking down the final one with both the book and the data. I believe the town’s Relic Merchant, {2.String}, knows the location of the third relic. The merchant is an odd fellow though and a shrewd trader so it’s doubtful the information will be easy to get. Pay the merchant a visit and try to obtain the information.”»
«“Work as Bouncer” at the Theatre before time runs out to earn some cash on the side.» → «“Work as Bouncer” at the Cinema before time runs out to earn some cash on the side.»
«There's a secret tunnel at the bottom of the well!  What should {0.SimFirstName} do?» → «There's a secret tunnel at the bottom of the well! What should {0.SimFirstName} do?»
«There's been an intelligence breach at the local military base and the entire communications regiment is in utter disarray. People are so panicked the latrines haven't been cleaned in days and there are no peeled potatoes - chaos! Get to the military base on the double to hold a meeting to better organize the military's response to the situation, and the board will see that you are given a cash bonus and raise.» → «There's been an intelligence breach at the local military base and the entire communications regiment is in utter disarray. People are so panicked the latrines haven't been cleaned in days and there are no peeled potatoes - chaos! Get to the military base on the double to hold a meeting to better organise the military's response to the situation, and the board will see that you are given a cash bonus and raise.»
«Have you ever dreamed of living under the sea, riding the wild currents on your trusty seahorse? No? Well, regardless, with the Mer-Made Seahorse Sculpture, Sims can get all the enjoyment of owning a seahorse without the hassle of being underwater.» → «Have you ever dreamt of living under the sea, riding the wild currents on your trusty seahorse? No? Well, regardless, with the Mer-Made Seahorse Sculpture, Sims can get all the enjoyment of owning a seahorse without the hassle of being underwater.»
«A Sim's reputation is everything when it comes to romance. A Sim with a Romancer reputation will have more success on dates, but a Cheater might find it hard to start a new relationship. The community is sure to notice any public displays of affection, so make sure anything your Sim doesn't want their neighbors (or significant other) to know about is done in private!» → «A Sim's reputation is everything when it comes to romance. A Sim with a Romancer reputation will have more success on dates, but a Cheater might find it hard to start a new relationship. The community is sure to notice any public displays of affection, so make sure anything your Sim doesn't want their neighbours (or significant other) to know about is done in private!»
«People are saying that {0.SimName} is actually an alien, living undercover in our neighborhood!» → «People are saying that {0.SimName} is actually an alien, living undercover in our neighbourhood!»
«Topiary Tantalizer» → «Topiary Tantaliser»
«With space-age materials, including ionized faux leather and SuperLite filler fluff, this is the very same chair that seats astronauts when they’re in between missions and enjoying down time in their backyards.» → «With space-age materials, including ionised faux leather and SuperLite filler fluff, this is the very same chair that seats astronauts when they’re in between missions and enjoying down time in their backyards.»
«Made with the same high-tech cushioning materials that we use in our sofa and loveseat, the Retro Metro Chair offers the degree of comfort that you demand from your seating, without all of the excess fluff, in one individual-sized portion. Settle yourself on firmer, sleeker coziness, because comfort doesn’t have to be fat.» → «Made with the same high-tech cushioning materials that we use in our sofa and loveseat, the Retro Metro Chair offers the degree of comfort that you demand from your seating, without all of the excess fluff, in one individual-sized portion. Settle yourself on firmer, sleeker cosiness, because comfort doesn’t have to be fat.»
«“This is excellent Nectar! Quite tasty. Nectar is a craft…an art even! Higher quality grapes and rarer fruits tend to make better Nectars, but different combinations can yield unforeseen delights and flavors. I shall show you!"» → «“This is excellent Nectar! Quite tasty. Nectar is a craft…an art even! Higher quality grapes and rarer fruits tend to make better Nectars, but different combinations can yield unforeseen delights and flavours. I shall show you!"»
«{0.SimFirstName} has found a previously uncharted island! It is now yours to build and customize to your liking. What other hidden treasures and secrets are out there for adventurers to discover?» → «{0.SimFirstName} has found a previously uncharted island! It is now yours to build and customise to your liking. What other hidden treasures and secrets are out there for adventurers to discover?»
«The key to harmony is knowing the proper colors of one's mind and surroundings.» → «The key to harmony is knowing the proper colours of one's mind and surroundings.»
«Available for digital download and in stores  October 25th, 2011» → «Available for digital download and in stores October 25th, 2011»
«Van Gould Merchant House & Cafe» → «Van Gould Merchant House & Café»
«The burger flippers devoured the Stir-Fry and realized it wasn’t so different from the other greasy diner fare they serve up.  The manager paid you some money and your Cooking Skill improved.» → «The burger flippers devoured the Stir-Fry and realised it wasn’t so different from the other greasy restaurant fare they serve up. The manager paid you some money and your Cooking Skill improved.»
«You can't win games all by yourself, so it can't hurt to spend some time with your teammates and build those relationships.» → «You can't win matches all by yourself, so it can't hurt to spend some time with your teammates and build those relationships.»
«Fences make good neighbors, right? Wrong! Only good fences make good neighbors! Makes sense, right? That's why you need a Good Fence. With a name like this, it's got to be good!» → «Fences make good neighbours, right? Wrong! Only good fences make good neighbours! Makes sense, right? That's why you need a Good Fence. With a name like this, it's got to be good!»
«Julliene shares her mother's drive and ambition… just not her passion for creativity. Like in most cases, will her mother's passions eventually become her own?» → «Julienne shares her mother's drive and ambition… just not her passion for creativity. Like in most cases, will her mother's passions eventually become her own?»
«Safety device, movie theater advertisement, or superhero beacon? You don't have to choose - the multifunction searchlight device does it all!» → «Safety device, movie cinema advertisement, or superhero beacon? You don't have to choose - the multifunction searchlight device does it all!»
«Another useful tool is the Sim Skewer. Clicking a portrait of a Sim will select that Sim and clicking the portrait of an already selected Sim will center the camera on that Sim. Right-clicking a portrait will not only center the camera, but also follow that Sim as they move.» → «Another useful tool is the Sim Skewer. Clicking a portrait of a Sim will select that Sim and clicking the portrait of an already selected Sim will centre the camera on that Sim. Right-clicking a portrait will not only centre the camera, but also follow that Sim as they move.»
«Ah, my favorite Investigator, {0.SimFirstName}, has arrived to claim the {1.String}. Display it proudly on your wall! The rogue cop case was a tough one, but you made solving it look easy! The citizens of {TownName} are grateful for your efforts. We’re also giving you a medal you can wear. I think we can all sleep a little easier now knowing that that case is closed.» → «Ah, my favourite Investigator, {0.SimFirstName}, has arrived to claim the {1.String}. Display it proudly on your wall! The rogue cop case was a tough one, but you made solving it look easy! The citizens of {TownName} are grateful for your efforts. We’re also giving you a medal you can wear. I think we can all sleep a little easier now knowing that that case is closed.»
«{1.SimFirstName} has canvassed this territory enough for one trip.  The newfound understanding of these foreign people will now doubt help {1.SimFirstName}'s election chances.» → «{1.SimFirstName} has canvassed this territory enough for one trip. The newfound understanding of these foreign people will now doubt help {1.SimFirstName}'s election chances.»
«We all know the world is full of glittering technology, but those advances only happened because Simkind made peace with their environment. “The Hollow Earth” symbolizes civilization’s mortality…or something like that.» → «We all know the world is full of glittering technology, but those advances only happened because Simkind made peace with their environment. “The Hollow Earth” symbolises civilization’s mortality…or something like that.»
«Customize Baby DNA» → «Customise Baby DNA»
«Relics range from old garbage to artifacts that represent the greatness of former civilizations. Your Sim wants to find valuable relics! Look in treasure chests, inside sarcophagi, and inspect dig sites in search of Relics.» → «Relics range from old garbage to artifacts that represent the greatness of former civilisations. Your Sim wants to find valuable relics! Look in treasure chests, inside sarcophagi, and inspect dig sites in search of Relics.»
«The latest vision in home lighting from legendary designer Ashley Tessier. Conceptualizing the five dimensions of the known universe, this lamp illuminates rooms and minds alike.» → «The latest vision in home lighting from legendary designer Ashley Tessier. Conceptualising the five dimensions of the known universe, this lamp illuminates rooms and minds alike.»
«Chantrelle was just a toddler when she lost her parents, shielding her from the worst memories of that unfortunate accident. She's old enough now though to realize that her family is pretty different from the other kids at school. Will she find a way to grow into a well adjusted teen, or will the past continue to haunt her?» → «Chantrelle was just a toddler when she lost her parents, shielding her from the worst memories of that unfortunate accident. She's old enough now though to realise that her family is pretty different from the other kids at school. Will she find a way to grow into a well adjusted teen, or will the past continue to haunt her?»
«Keep this Workout Gear close at hand and you'll always be prepared whenever you feel the need to recreationally perspire. This stripped down kit provides the bare essentials for sweating through your favorite workout, whether it is jogging, weight training, or llama jumping. You supply the sweat, and we'll supply the gear!» → «Keep this Workout Gear close at hand and you'll always be prepared whenever you feel the need to recreationally perspire. This stripped down kit provides the bare essentials for sweating through your favourite workout, whether it is jogging, weight training, or llama jumping. You supply the sweat, and we'll supply the gear!»
«Students love the institutionalized charm this dorm provides.» → «Students love the institutionalised charm this dorm provides.»
«Don't let your dog get too lonely!  Make sure your dog gets enough social contact, whether it's through socializing with other animals or being cared for by Sims.» → «Don't let your dog get too lonely! Make sure your dog gets enough social contact, whether it's through socialising with other animals or being cared for by Sims.»
«Prepare Crepes» → «Prepare Crêpes»
«Set LED Color» → «Set LED Colour»
«Everyone waited their turn and there was no cutting seen in line, all thanks to your imposing figure near the ticket booth. The Theatre owner thanks you for making everyone’s experience far better. Take this money as a sign of the Theatre’s thanks!» → «Everyone waited their turn and there was no cutting seen in line, all thanks to your imposing figure near the ticket booth. The Cinema owner thanks you for making everyone’s experience far better. Take this money as a sign of the Cinema’s thanks!»
«Graduate with a perfect GPA.» → «Graduate with full distinctions.»
«Have you spent a lot of time customizing your pet? Don’t forget to save your creation via Sim Bin or the save button on the bottom left.» → «Have you spent a lot of time customising your pet? Don’t forget to save your creation via Sim Bin or the save button on the bottom left.»
«I hope this doesn't show up in EP01's localization database.» → «I hope this doesn't show up in EP01's localisation database.»
«If beauty and function fell in love and married, they would produce this enchanting residence.  Embrace this home and begin a fairy tale of your own.» → «If beauty and function fell in love and married, they would produce this enchanting residence. Embrace this home and begin a fairy tale of your own.»
«Pink Dew turns {0.SimName} into a spunky little spitfire of festive color!» → «Pink Dew turns {0.SimName} into a spunky little spitfire of festive colour!»
«A simple, striking pair of artificial flowers in an understated pot. Perfect for well lit rooms, where bright colors do their best work!» → «A simple, striking pair of artificial flowers in an understated pot. Perfect for well lit rooms, where bright colours do their best work!»
«Someone gave the captain a free meal card today, but he isn't allowed to accept gifts. {0.SimFirstName} happened to be standing nearby and the captain handed her the gift card!  {0.SimFirstName} had the meal delivered before leaving work today. Sweet!» → «Someone gave the captain a free meal card today, but he isn't allowed to accept gifts. {0.SimFirstName} happened to be standing nearby and the captain handed her the gift card! {0.SimFirstName} had the meal delivered before leaving work today. Sweet!»
«{0.SimFirstName} has a Good Sense of Humor» → «{0.SimFirstName} has a Good Sense of Humour»
«Sports Analyzation Nation» → «Sports Analysation Nation»
«To feminize a door, one must add sugar, spice, and everything nice. However, research shows the total number of nice things to be in excess of over 750 million items, making it impossible to include “everything.” But the Ladylike comes pretty close.» → «To feminise a door, one must add sugar, spice, and everything nice. However, research shows the total number of nice things to be in excess of over 750 million items, making it impossible to include “everything.” But the Ladylike comes pretty close.»
«Don't stop there, though! All clothing, shoes, and hats can be customized with Create a Style and hair and makeup have their own options. It's never been easier to make a completely unique Sim!» → «Don't stop there, though! All clothing, shoes, and hats can be customised with Create a Style and hair and makeup have their own options. It's never been easier to make a completely unique Sim!»
«Creating Sims is easy and fun! Create a Sim starts you off with a random Sim to mold and transform. Don't like what you see? You can select a Pre-made Sim instead or generate a new random Sim.» → «Creating Sims is easy and fun! Create a Sim starts you off with a random Sim to mould and transform. Don't like what you see? You can select a Pre-made Sim instead or generate a new random Sim.»
«You and {0.SimName} are getting along beautifully! The Organization has big hopes for you two, especially now that you are on friendly terms. The Leader extends the gratitude of the organization for your loyalty and dedication to the job.» → «You and {0.SimName} are getting along beautifully! The Organisation has big hopes for you two, especially now that you are on friendly terms. The Leader extends the gratitude of the organisation for your loyalty and dedication to the job.»
«I'm not sure I want to hang out with you. We should socialize more first.» → «I'm not sure I want to hang out with you. We should socialise more first.»
«Favorite Subject: {0.String} ({1.Number} photos)» → «Favourite Subject: {0.String} ({1.Number} photos)»
«Mock Neighboring Town» → «Mock Neighbouring Town»
«Are you prepared to give up some of your daily life pleasures? Being a care taker of this caliber might forfeit schedule flexibility, but the end result is certainly rewarding. You now will take care of six kids, work weekends, and take care of after school kids and the occasional problem children. You have finally hit the big time!» → «Are you prepared to give up some of your daily life pleasures? Being a care taker of this calibre might forfeit schedule flexibility, but the end result is certainly rewarding. You now will take care of six kids, work weekends, and take care of after school kids and the occasional problem children. You have finally hit the big time!»
«The autograph session is underway!  {0.SimFirstName} has {2.Hours} to sign as many autographs as he can. Fans who receive an autograph may even spend money inside {1.ObjectName} if they like {0.SimFirstName} enough. Try to sign autographs on a first-come first-served basis or fans will get frustrated and leave empty-handed!» → «The autograph session is underway! {0.SimFirstName} has {2.Hours} to sign as many autographs as he can. Fans who receive an autograph may even spend money inside {1.ObjectName} if they like {0.SimFirstName} enough. Try to sign autographs on a first-come first-served basis or fans will get frustrated and leave empty-handed!»
«Observational Humor» → «Observational Humour»
«Change LED Color» → «Change LED Colour»
«Minimize» → «Minimise»
«Maybe a little gnome magic will help out your Sim's pool skills? Only one way to find out. Your Sim wants to learn the Putt-Putt Gnome Trick Shot.» → «Maybe a little gnome magic will help out your Sim's snooker skills? Only one way to find out. Your Sim wants to learn the Putt-Putt Gnome Trick Shot.»
«Integrating every advance in robotic history, this workshop is a forge for Nanites and Trait Chips. New Plumbots can also be constructed or customized using its unique Voight-Krieg magnetic field.» → «Integrating every advance in robotic history, this workshop is a forge for Nanites and Trait Chips. New Plumbots can also be constructed or customised using its unique Voight-Krieg magnetic field.»
«There were riots in the stands after the game. The fans had too much pent up energy that only organ-induced chants could have alleviated.» → «There were riots in the stands after the match. The fans had too much pent up energy that only organ-induced chants could have alleviated.»
«Every crime organization needs some muscle to lay down the rules and protect The Organization’s... investments. The best Thugs are intimidating and muscular – the strong arm of The Organization. Don’t let nobody stand in your way.» → «Every crime organisation needs some muscle to lay down the rules and protect The Organisation’s... investments. The best Thugs are intimidating and muscular – the strong arm of The Organisation. Don’t let nobody stand in your way.»
«Maintaining your influence with the Rebels is tough when you aren’t organizing protests or hanging out with them. {0.SimName}’s title within the Rebels Social Group is now {1.String}.» → «Maintaining your influence with the Rebels is tough when you aren’t organising protests or hanging out with them. {0.SimName}’s title within the Rebels Social Group is now {1.String}.»
«The General claims the entire purpose of having airplanes is so they can be flown. Whether the General is correct or not is neither here nor there. What does matter is that they are fixed! You’re known to be handy with a wrench and the General has requested you stay late to fix the planes. Revitalizing the air wing will earn you a job performance increase.» → «The General claims the entire purpose of having airplanes is so they can be flown. Whether the General is correct or not is neither here nor there. What does matter is that they are fixed! You’re known to be handy with a wrench and the General has requested you stay late to fix the planes. Revitalising the air wing will earn you a job performance increase.»
«How can you tell when an object can be placed into your Sim's inventory?  Your cursor will change into a combination hand/interaction cursor, and you can then click and drag the object.» → «How can you tell when an object can be placed into your Sim's inventory? Your cursor will change into a combination hand/interaction cursor, and you can then click and drag the object.»
«Your town is a big place! Go to Map View for a bird’s eye view of the town. From there, you can click on map tags to travel to different office buildings, community centers, and entertainment venues throughout the town.» → «Your town is a big place! Go to Map View for a bird’s eye view of the town. From there, you can click on map tags to travel to different office buildings, community centres, and entertainment venues throughout the town.»
«Your new pet may need some companionship. Make sure you spend time with your pet and socialize with them. Horses especially enjoy running and jumping.» → «Your new pet may need some companionship. Make sure you spend time with your pet and socialise with them. Horses especially enjoy running and jumping.»
«What would you want to have if you were stranded on an island? Whatever it is, you could place it on this lovely and functional counter island! No matter where this counter island is -- in your home, at a bar, or on a deserted island -- it's always happy hour.» → «What would you want to have if you were stranded on an island? Whatever it is, you could place it on this lovely and functional counter island! No matter where this counter island is — in your home, at a bar, or on a deserted island — it's always happy hour.»
«High School» → «Secondary School»
«{2.SimName} has just been cured by a unicorn!   {MA.He}{FA.She} will remember the pain, tears, and the sudden feeling of warmth and brightness as the ailment was cured!» → «{2.SimName} has just been cured by a unicorn! {MA.He}{FA.She} will remember the pain, tears, and the sudden feeling of warmth and brightness as the ailment was cured!»
«Good move! With yet another contact at City Hall that understands the needs of the hospital, bureaucratic problems should be minimized from now on. Well done {OpOwner}!» → «Good move! With yet another contact at City Hall that understands the needs of the hospital, bureaucratic problems should be minimised from now on. Well done {OpOwner}!»
«Despite Jack's staunch and formal military appearance, he is actually a fun-loving guy who loves to host neighborhood barbecues.» → «Despite Jack's staunch and formal military appearance, he is actually a fun-loving guy who loves to host neighbourhood barbecue gatherings.»
«{2.SimName} has just won a Beginner Jumping competition. {MA.He}{FA.She}'ll always remember the feeling of accomplishment as {MA.he}{FA.she} was awarded Simoleons and a trophy.» → «{2.SimName} has just won a Beginner Jumping competition. {MA.He}{FA.She}'ll always remember the feeling of accomplishment as {MA.he}{FA.she} was awarded Simoleons and a trophy.»
«Horses don't need to have intricate conversations, but a little social interaction is definitely necessary.  After all, being alone all of the time couldn't possibly keep {0.SimFirstName} happy.» → «Horses don't need to have intricate conversations, but a little social interaction is definitely necessary. After all, being alone all of the time couldn't possibly keep {0.SimFirstName} happy.»
«It’s the explosion you can hold in your hand! The Sparkler! Behold as you control a continual shower of sparks that flash brilliantly yet don’t burn the skin. Have you ever known power such as this? YOU HAVE NOT! These sparkle in a delightful rainbow of colors.» → «It’s the explosion you can hold in your hand! The Sparkler! Behold as you control a continual shower of sparks that flash brilliantly yet don’t burn the skin. Have you ever known power such as this? YOU HAVE NOT! These sparkle in a delightful rainbow of colours.»
«Nectar Maker's Symbol of Honor» → «Nectar Maker's Symbol of Honour»
«Hilarious dreams gave {0.SimFirstName} a wealth of fresh material. {MA.He}{FA.She} can't wait to unleash {MA.his}{FA.her} Good Sense of Humor!» → «Hilarious dreams gave {0.SimFirstName} a wealth of fresh material. {MA.He}{FA.She} can't wait to unleash {MA.his}{FA.her} Good Sense of Humour!»
«You’ve been bending over backwards to get your career off the ground. Now you’re ready to get a gig in a Live Show Venue. Time to take center stage!» → «You’ve been bending over backwards to get your career off the ground. Now you’re ready to get a gig in a Live Show Venue. Time to take centre stage!»
«“I'm glad someone has shown some interest in Karnak. I want to speak about exploring Karnak for treasure. The time has come for you to venture forth!  Deep inside Karnak is a hidden hall of treasure behind a locked door.  I have managed to uncover the keystone to this door.  I give this to you in exchange for something you will find inside.  A special Relic if you will.  Bring this to me and I will shower you with Ancient Coins and tell all my friends about you."» → «“I'm glad someone has shown some interest in Karnak. I want to speak about exploring Karnak for treasure. The time has come for you to venture forth! Deep inside Karnak is a hidden hall of treasure behind a locked door. I have managed to uncover the keystone to this door. I give this to you in exchange for something you will find inside. A special Relic if you will. Bring this to me and I will shower you with Ancient Coins and tell all my friends about you."»
«When The Beast goes to a holiday party, it doesn't wear a name tag. At picnics, it doesn't compliment the chef. During birthday parties, The Beast always gets its cake first. You don't ride The Beast -- you beg it to share the road.» → «When The Beast goes to a holiday party, it doesn't wear a name tag. At picnics, it doesn't compliment the chef. During birthday parties, The Beast always gets its cake first. You don't ride The Beast — you beg it to share the road.»
«Your Sim really wants to see a performance at their favorite venue, and they know just the act that should come to play!» → «Your Sim really wants to see a performance at their favourite venue, and they know just the act that should come to play!»
«“Deliver Cookies” at the School to earn some money.» → «“Deliver Biscuits” at the School to earn some money.»
«It’s so great of you to share your Grilled Salmon with your friends and neighbors, though it certainly doesn’t help when you can earn some money for doing so!» → «It’s so great of you to share your Grilled Salmon with your friends and neighbours, though it certainly doesn’t help when you can earn some money for doing so!»
«Is your bad mood getting you down? Improve your spirits and decor with this ornamental Aloe plant! It sports a lovely rosette of succulent moisture filled leaves! But wait! If you buy one now, we will include, absolutely free of charge, the Aloe Thera sap, rumored to provide instant relief to irritated skin and bowels! (Unfortunately, it is impossible to extract.)» → «Is your bad mood getting you down? Improve your spirits and decor with this ornamental Aloe plant! It sports a lovely rosette of succulent moisture filled leaves! But wait! If you buy one now, we will include, absolutely free of charge, the Aloe Thera soap, rumoured to provide instant relief to irritated skin and bowels! (Unfortunately, it is impossible to extract.)»
«{0.SimFirstName} found a {1.ObjectName}.  Who would throw that away?» → «{0.SimFirstName} found a {1.ObjectName}. Who would throw that away?»
«It looks like you have installed an unofficial game modification that does not match your current version of The Sims 3.  We recommend that you either uninstall these game modifications or get updated versions of them – otherwise you may experience crashes or significant bugs.\\n\\nDo you want to quit?» → «It looks like you have installed an unofficial game modification that does not match your current version of The Sims 3. We recommend that you either uninstall these game modifications or get updated versions of them – otherwise you may experience crashes or significant bugs.\\n\\nDo you want to quit?»
«{1.SimName} won't be making it to Daycare today! {0.SimName} simply couldn't leave {MB.him}{FB.her} alone on a lot without a responsible person present. For shame {2.SimName}!» → «{1.SimName} won't be making it to Nursery today! {0.SimName} simply couldn't leave {MB.him}{FB.her} alone on a lot without a responsible person present. For shame {2.SimName}!»
«{1.SimName} was not left for {2.SimName}'s care because {MC.he}{FC.she} was nowhere to be found. {2.SimName} should consider staying at home during work hours.» → «{1.SimName} was not left for {2.SimName}'s care because {MC.he}{FC.she} was nowhere to be found. {2.SimName} should consider staying at home during work hours.»
«{OpBandName} is such a hit that regulars at {OpSourceVenue} keep requesting them from the mixologist. {OpTarget} wants to know if  {OpOwner} is interested in signing up the band.» → «{OpBandName} is such a hit that regulars at {OpSourceVenue} keep requesting them from the mixologist. {OpTarget} wants to know if {OpOwner} is interested in signing up the band.»
«Art is a retreat from life’s messy realities. Fill any room with beauty: portraits, Impressionist landscapes, hand-drawn maps or avant-garde watercolors. Tasteful nudes available upon request.» → «Art is a retreat from life’s messy realities. Fill any room with beauty: portraits, Impressionist landscapes, hand-drawn maps or avant-garde watercolours. Tasteful nudes available upon request.»
«Your Sim craves the sweet victory achieved only by winning a Martial Arts Tournament. Send your Sim to Shang Simla, then call the next opponent in the Martial Arts circuit.» → «Your Sim craves the sweet victory achieved only by winning a Martial Arts Tournament. Send your Sim to Shang Simla, then call the next opponent in the Martial Arts tour.»
«In a city that never sleeps, Sanguine Arms seems to come alive at night. Built next to the Goth Gazebo, there have always been rumors of odd happenings here, especially during a full moon.» → «In a city that never sleeps, Sanguine Arms seems to come alive at night. Built next to the Goth Gazebo, there have always been rumours of odd happenings here, especially during a full moon.»
«All play and no work will make you… fired!  Get back to work.» → «All play and no work will make you… fired! Get back to work.»
«These crates may appear to be decorative items, but let me tell you, hauling cargo across the great western expanse used to be messy and unorganized until the invention of these handy, organizational crates. If these crates hadn’t been shipped to your home in other Wayne’s Crates, I reckon they would have been lost along the way!» → «These crates may appear to be decorative items, but let me tell you, hauling cargo across the great western expanse used to be messy and unorganised until the invention of these handy, organizational crates. If these crates hadn’t been shipped to your home in other Wayne’s Crates, I reckon they would have been lost along the way!»
«After selecting a degree, choose the number of credits. The higher the number of credits a Sim takes, the greater the class load once they are in University. More credits means earning a degree faster, but may leave little time for socializing.» → «After selecting a degree, choose the number of credits. The higher the number of credits a Sim takes, the greater the class load once they are in University. More credits means earning a degree faster, but may leave little time for socialising.»
«Localization Coordinators» → «Localisation Coordinators»
«A classic garden shrub grown to its maximum height! Requires no more care than a smaller Burford Holly, and is far better at blocking out your nosy neighbors.» → «A classic garden shrub grown to its maximum height! Requires no more care than a smaller Burford Holly, and is far better at blocking out your nosy neighbours.»
«For Sims who like organized clutter, look no farther. This assortment of tools will have your guests saying, "Wow, tools!" Tools Sans Box: because sometimes it's easier to find things when they're not put away.» → «For Sims who like organised clutter, look no farther. This assortment of tools will have your guests saying, "Wow, tools!" Tools Sans Box: because sometimes it's easier to find things when they're not put away.»
«Sam’s Market Diner» → «Sam’s Market Eatery»
«The Hemlock family doesn’t quite conform to one label, but the neighbors frequently refer to them as “that hippie vampire family”. Morrigan, Wogan and their child Belisama enjoy hydroponic and soil grown plasma fruit, as well as sharing music together as a family.» → «The Hemlock family doesn’t quite conform to one label, but the neighbours frequently refer to them as “that hippie vampire family”. Morrigan, Wogan and their child Belisama enjoy hydroponic and soil grown plasma fruit, as well as sharing music together as a family.»
«Place this register on a Consignment Store Community Lot to create a new consignment store.» → «Place this register on a Thrift Shop Community Lot to create a new thrift shop.»
«Indulge your Sim’s sugar cravings with a little candy.  Don’t worry: there's no tooth decay to be found here!» → «Indulge your Sim’s sugar cravings with a little candy. Don’t worry: there's no tooth decay to be found here!»
«Fertilize» → «Fertilise»
«{OpSource} is convinced {OpTarget} is trying to hack into the public library's database. As a stalwart defender of public libraries, {OpSource} wants you to gather evidence by inspecting the mail and searching the trash at {OpTarget}'s home.» → «{OpSource} is convinced {OpTarget} is trying to hack into the public library's database. As a stalwart defender of public libraries, {OpSource} wants you to gather evidence by inspecting the post and searching the trash at {OpTarget}'s home.»
«Investigator's Trophy of Honor» → «Investigator's Trophy of Honour»
«My hunch about the crooked scientists has paid off. There is clearly something suspicious going on. I recognize the one scientist, {OpSource}. I should conduct a little research on a computer to learn what I can about {OpSource}.» → «My hunch about the crooked scientists has paid off. There is clearly something suspicious going on. I recognise the one scientist, {OpSource}. I should conduct a little research on a computer to learn what I can about {OpSource}.»
«Perform three concerts at the Theatre to increase job performance and improve your relationship with your co-workers.» → «Perform three concerts at the Cinema to increase job performance and improve your relationship with your co-workers.»
«"Analyze Prints" at the local Police Station» → «"Analyse Prints" at the local Police Station»
«If the item sells, your Sim will receive payment for the goods. Items that don't sell will be sent back in the mail.» → «If the item sells, your Sim will receive payment for the goods. Items that don't sell will be sent back in the post.»
«The consignment store's services are perfect for inventors, sculptors, farmers, fishermen, painters, photographers, and more!» → «The thrift shop's services are perfect for inventors, sculptors, farmers, fishermen, painters, photographers, and more!»
«Bring the items you want to sell to the consignment store. While shopping select the "Consign Items" tab.» → «Bring the items you want to sell to the thrift shop. While shopping select the "Consign Items" tab.»
«Entrepreneurial Sims can make a living by selling goods to the local consignment store.» → «Entrepreneurial Sims can make a living by selling goods to the local thrift shop.»
«{2.SimName} is looking to enjoy some artistic expession and took a trip to the theatre! The beauty of the grand theatre is a memory that will stay with {MA.him}{FA.her} for a lifetime.» → «{2.SimName} is looking to enjoy some artistic expession and took a trip to the cinema! The beauty of the grand cinema is a memory that will stay with {MA.him}{FA.her} for a lifetime.»
«Rotated Squares Set: Bordered Floor with a Large, Rotated Center Square» → «Rotated Squares Set: Bordered Floor with a Large, Rotated Centre Square»
«Can't set color on a black light.» → «Can't set colour on a black light.»
«It’s back to the office again to take charge of a newly formed criminal investigation squad. You’re the Lieutenant in charge of this case, and as such will oversee it from start to justice. You’ll need to keep morale high and appease the brass who are, as always, demanding fast results.» → «It’s back to the office again to take charge of a newly formed criminal investigation squad. You’re the Chief Inspector in charge of this case, and as such will oversee it from start to justice. You’ll need to keep morale high and appease the brass who are, as always, demanding fast results.»
«{0.SimName} has been taught in the ways of Science!  The existential equations of life and all things here fore referred to as 'subjects' make even more sense to {0.SimFirstName}.» → «{0.SimName} has been taught in the ways of Science! The existential equations of life and all things here fore referred to as 'subjects' make even more sense to {0.SimFirstName}.»
«Fossilized Tomato» → «Fossilised Tomato»
«Lopita loves showing off her wealth and is rumored to have married her husband for his money.» → «Lopita loves showing off her wealth and is rumoured to have married her husband for his money.»
«Be careful when traveling to Oasis Landing! Something in the Earth’s gravitational pull has caused Meteors to fall from the sky!» → «Be careful when travelling to Oasis Landing! Something in the Earth’s gravitational pull has caused Meteors to fall from the sky!»
«The researchers at the Science Center are experimenting with rubberized joint replacement. With your incredible – some might say freakish – dexterity, they would like to do some tests on you. And you’ll get a nice paycheck (which, hopefully, won’t be rubberized).» → «The researchers at the Science Centre are experimenting with rubberised joint replacement. With your incredible – some might say freakish – dexterity, they would like to do some tests on you. And you’ll get a nice paycheck (which, hopefully, won’t be rubberised).»
«Never get bad fortunes from these cookies!» → «Never get bad fortunes from these biscuits!»
«This is the Diner restaurant.» → «This is the Eatery restaurant.»
«Location, location, location!  Who needs it? If you care more about your four walls rather than your street address, then this beauty is for you.» → «Location, location, location! Who needs it? If you care more about your four walls rather than your street address, then this beauty is for you.»
«Doll up your home or stage with this antique figurine. Rumored to be modeled after Morgana Goth, whose ethereal beauty drove men to the brink of insanity, this doll is a lovely addition to the Blackfyre gothic collection.» → «Doll up your home or stage with this antique figurine. Rumoured to be modeled after Morgana Goth, whose ethereal beauty drove men to the brink of insanity, this doll is a lovely addition to the Blackfyre gothic collection.»
«See {1.SimFirstName} Get on Honor Roll» → «See {1.SimFirstName} Get on Honour Roll»
«This is unbelieveable. The lab technician had been doing research on goldfish… trying to turn them into real gold. Then, on "Take You Child To Work Day", their kid ran in front of the FishAlchemy ray to try to save the goldfish. Poor kid… the ray transformed him into something... inhuman. He disappeared one day leaving only a pile of apple cores on the kitchen table... Wait... what's this? Says the kid became obsessed with water. Maybe I should check out the pool.» → «This is unbelieveable. The lab technician had been doing research on goldfish… trying to turn them into real gold. Then, on "Take Your Child To Work Day", their kid ran in front of the FishAlchemy ray to try to save the goldfish. Poor kid… the ray transformed him into something... inhuman. He disappeared one day leaving only a pile of apple cores on the kitchen table... Wait... what's this? Says the kid became obsessed with water. Maybe I should check out the pool.»
«{0.SimFirstName} won the soccer match.» → «{0.SimFirstName} won the football match.»
«BeoWuuf Systems is the leader in HD audio processing and delivery components. Now available in this pre-assembled "stack" unit, audiophiles can now dabble with 96-kHz 128-bit sound for up to eighteen channels. Soothing blue high tech display. Human interface port. Nano-tubes. Aluminum and carbon fiber.» → «BeoWuuf Systems is the leader in HD audio processing and delivery components. Now available in this pre-assembled "stack" unit, audiophiles can now dabble with 96-kHz 128-bit sound for up to eighteen channels. Soothing blue high tech display. Human interface port. Nano-tubes. Aluminium and carbon fiber.»
«Check Lead at the Theatre.» → «Check Lead at the Cinema.»
«{1.SimFirstName} has entered the hallowed halls of the Sphinx.  A disembodied voice whispers, "To stop the curse, one must seek cleansing before the statue of soul's peace."» → «{1.SimFirstName} has entered the hallowed halls of the Sphinx. A disembodied voice whispers, "To stop the curse, one must seek cleansing before the statue of soul's peace."»
«The designers of the Reflektor mirror combed beaches throughout the world in search of the finest sand to create the glass in this mirror. Mined from an island where an ancient civilization worshiped the Llama, the sand used to create the glass in this mirror is rumored to give a reflection so pure, you won’t even recognize yourself!» → «The designers of the Reflektor mirror combed beaches throughout the world in search of the finest sand to create the glass in this mirror. Mined from an island where an ancient civilisation worshiped the Llama, the sand used to create the glass in this mirror is rumoured to give a reflection so pure, you won’t even recognise yourself!»
«Several of my friends have been sending me new books to read.  I’m really enjoying them, but I just don’t have anywhere to put them. Could you help me build a new library for my house?» → «Several of my friends have been sending me new books to read. I’m really enjoying them, but I just don’t have anywhere to put them. Could you help me build a new library for my house?»
«Welcome to Oasis Landing, temporal traveler!  This is the Oasis Landing Community Living Center, from which I summit great mountains of knowledge! To help you get a better perspective of the city, I've given you a Jetpack. Start using it and Fly Around.» → «Welcome to Oasis Landing, temporal traveller! This is the Oasis Landing Community Living Centre, from which I summit great mountains of knowledge! To help you get a better perspective of the city, I've given you a Jetpack. Start using it and Fly Around.»
«{2.String} opened up once they got used to {1.SimFirstName}.  A lot of good information and juicy historical bits were gathered.  Time to head back to work.» → «{2.String} opened up once they got used to {1.SimFirstName}. A lot of good information and juicy historical bits were gathered. Time to head back to work.»
«{0.SimFirstName} dreamed of an average day at work, where {MA.he}{FA.she} was {MA.his}{FA.her} usual productive and efficient self.» → «{0.SimFirstName} dreamt of an average day at work, where {MA.he}{FA.she} was {MA.his}{FA.her} usual productive and efficient self.»
«Bonehilda is currently returning to her coffin.» → «Bonehilda is currently returning to her coffin.»
«"Inspect Mail" on {OpTarget}'s Mailbox» → «"Inspect Post" on {OpTarget}'s post box»
«My, that food looks delicious!  Your horse is feeling hungry and thinks that it's time for a snack!» → «My, that food looks delicious! Your horse is feeling hungry and thinks that it's time for a snack!»
«This is the theatre for your town.» → «This is the cinema for your town.»
«This garden is lovely and the fertilizer doesn't stink!» → «This garden is lovely and the Fertiliser doesn't stink!»
«Bebe Hart has a hard time as the only responsible person in the entire Hart lineage. It’s no secret in the neighborhood that both of her parents are slightly insane, so Bebe feels that the neighbors' eyes have been scrutinizing her for ages, just waiting to see if she’ll crack too.» → «Bebe Hart has a hard time as the only responsible person in the entire Hart lineage. It’s no secret in the neighbourhood that both of her parents are slightly insane, so Bebe feels that the neighbours' eyes have been scrutinising her for ages, just waiting to see if she’ll crack too.»
«Rhodesian Ridgeback» → «Namibian Ridgeback»
«Graduated with Honors» → «Graduated with Honours»
«Teaching your dog tricks is always a fun-filled activity! Having them Sit Up when you raise your hand or when you call the command is always gratifying . Until they start doing the opposite of what you mean, which then becomes a total pain. Your Sim wants to Teach your Dog to Sit Up.» → «Teaching your dog tricks is always a fun-filled activity! Having them Sit Up when you raise your hand or when you call the command is always gratifying . Until they start doing the opposite of what you mean, which then becomes a total pain. Your Sim wants to Teach your Dog to Sit Up.»
«{0.SimName} has been struggling to improve at Martial Arts, and is willing to pay a great deal for extensive training from a master, such as you.» → «{0.SimName} has been struggling to improve at Martial Arts, and is willing to pay a great deal for extensive training from a master, such as you.»
«Persephone used to vacation on the islands as a girl and has always dreamed of moving here.» → «Persephone used to go on holidays on the islands as a girl and has always dreamt of moving here.»
«{0.SimFirstName} is a Born {MA.Salesmen}{FA.Saleswoman}, which means {MA.he'll}{FA.she'll} be able to make more money than other Sims when selling items at the Consignment Store. (Hover over any trait in the Simology panel to see more benefits.)» → «{0.SimFirstName} is a Born {MA.Salesmen}{FA.Saleswoman}, which means {MA.he'll}{FA.she'll} be able to make more money than other Sims when selling items at the Thrift Shop. (Hover over any trait in the Simology panel to see more benefits.)»
«Brain Freeze a la mode» → «Brain Freeze ̀à la mode»
«{0.SimFirstName} has been helping the Preserve Our Llamas movement in the local area and did a great write-up on their cause. They have responded by making {0.SimFirstName} an honorary member and singing her praises to the higher ups at her office!» → «{0.SimFirstName} has been helping the Preserve Our Llamas movement in the local area and did a great write-up on their cause. They have responded by making {0.SimFirstName} an honourary member and singing her praises to the higher ups at her office!»
«Game over!  The binary highways of Virtual Reality are fraught with peril. Luckily your Sim didn't lose in the real world.» → «Game over! The binary motorways of Virtual Reality are fraught with peril. Luckily your Sim didn't lose in the real world.»
«I was assured my case was priority one; however, my call was priority nine.  The hold music was catchy if gratuitous.» → «I was assured my case was priority one; however, my call was priority nine. The hold music was catchy if gratuitous.»
«Horses need a place where they can have a drink of water. Since there aren't any bars your horse can go to, the water trough is your next best bet!  Your Sim wants to buy a water trough to help quench your horse's thirst.» → «Horses need a place where they can have a drink of water. Since there aren't any bars your horse can go to, the water trough is your next best bet! Your Sim wants to buy a water trough to help quench your horse's thirst.»
«Nothing beats watching the sun rise over calm waters. Fishing is for Sims of great patience and determination. The waters can be a cruel mistress, but with fishing rod in hand and the right attitude, any fish can be caught. Fish can be sold to the super market for Simoleons, used as fertilizer, or cooked fresh at home as a tasty meal.» → «Nothing beats watching the sun rise over calm waters. Fishing is for Sims of great patience and determination. The waters can be a cruel mistress, but with fishing rod in hand and the right attitude, any fish can be caught. Fish can be sold to the super market for Simoleons, used as Fertiliser, or cooked fresh at home as a tasty meal.»
«It's the mailbox of the future!» → «It's the postbox of the future!»
«A special pet deserves a special commemoration! Your Sim thinks that pets should be immortalized through art! Your Sim wants to Paint a Portrait of a Pet.» → «A special pet deserves a special commemoration! Your Sim thinks that pets should be immortalised through art! Your Sim wants to Paint a Portrait of a Pet.»
«Every building on campus holds a plaque like this in some musty back hallway.  It celebrates those who came before, did great things, and couldn’t keep quiet about it.» → «Every building on campus holds a plaque like this in some musty back hallway. It celebrates those who came before, did great things, and couldn’t keep quiet about it.»
«At this stage, there is little {0.SimFirstName} can't do in terms of Mixology. While {MA.he}{FA.she} can still fine tune and practice individual drinks, {MA.he}{FA.she} has reached the pinnacle of Mixology. {MA.He}{FA.She} can now Name {MA.his}{FA.her} unique drinks after other Sims. Nobody can turn down having an incredible drink named after them, it is such an honor! Well, unless that person is a big Celebrity or a real snob, in which case a really good unique drink should be chosen.» → «At this stage, there is little {0.SimFirstName} can't do in terms of Mixology. While {MA.he}{FA.she} can still fine tune and practice individual drinks, {MA.he}{FA.she} has reached the pinnacle of Mixology. {MA.He}{FA.She} can now Name {MA.his}{FA.her} unique drinks after other Sims. Nobody can turn down having an incredible drink named after them, it is such an honour! Well, unless that person is a big Celebrity or a real snob, in which case a really good unique drink should be chosen.»
«You'll be added to the exclusive list at the community theatre and can get into all upcoming events free of charge.» → «You'll be added to the exclusive list at the community cinema and can get into all upcoming events free of charge.»
«When you’re trying to draw attention to a small-but-valuable object, nothing helps more than elevation. The Ivoroid pedestal sets your products at a tantalizingly touchable level.» → «When you’re trying to draw attention to a small-but-valuable object, nothing helps more than elevation. The Ivoroid pedestal sets your products at a tantalisingly touchable level.»
«{OpSource} is convinced {OpTarget} works for a small criminal organization in town. Evidence is required before {OpSourceFirstName} can conduct a citizen's arrest. I should inspect the mail and search through the garbage at {OpTarget}'s home.» → «{OpSource} is convinced {OpTarget} works for a small criminal organization in town. Evidence is required before {OpSourceFirstName} can conduct a citizen's arrest. I should inspect the post and search through the garbage at {OpTarget}'s home.»
«Now {1.SimFirstName} is all wet!  Now comes the hard part, finding a Mummy that will Curse him!» → «Now {1.SimFirstName} is all wet! Now comes the hard part, finding a Mummy that will Curse him!»
«Next Game Starts At: {0.String}» → «Next Match Starts At: {0.String}»
«{0.SimFirstName} is not helping Time Traveler.» → «{0.SimFirstName} is not helping Time Traveller.»
«HOT!! It’s like there’s a 3-alarm fire in your mouth, and no one called the fire department!» → «HOT!! It’s like there’s a Class 3 fire in your mouth, and no one called the fire department!»
«Fertilizer Strength: {0.String}» → «Fertiliser Strength: {0.String}»
«This sculpture by little-known artist Manuel Marque celebrates the hand. Manuel was inspired to do this piece after realizing how much of his own work is not only impacted but literally brought into being by the use of his own two hands.» → «This sculpture by little-known artist Manuel Marque celebrates the hand. Manuel was inspired to do this piece after realising how much of his own work is not only impacted but literally brought into being by the use of his own two hands.»
«Job Complete!  Simoleon Earned: {0.Money}» → «Job Complete! Simoleon Earned: {0.Money}»
«Photos of sights seen around the neighborhood» → «Photos of sights seen around the neighbourhood»
«Please Go Back to Home Neighborhood.» → «Please Go Back to Home Neighbourhood.»
«Alvarez» → «Álvarez»
«Alex» → «Aslan»
«Congratulations! {0.SimFirstName} has won enough Equestrian Center competitions to earn the title of Equestrian Champion!\n\nCheck {0.SimFirstName}'s Skill Journal for information about the reward.» → «Congratulations! {0.SimFirstName} has won enough Equestrian Centre competitions to earn the title of Equestrian Champion!\n\nCheck {0.SimFirstName}'s Skill Journal for information about the reward.»
«Junkyard» → «Scrapyard»
«While attempting to move his inventory of broken arches, Hector accidentally drove his truck into a pottery factory and was forced to purchase their entire stock of smashed pots. Introducing: Hector’s Shattered Pots, the perfect companion piece to Hector’s Faux Ruins.» → «While attempting to move his inventory of broken arches, Hector accidentally drove his lorry into a pottery factory and was forced to purchase their entire stock of smashed pots. Introducing: Hector’s Shattered Pots, the perfect companion piece to Hector’s Faux Ruins.»
«You've dominated the local and professional scene and now you're looking for a bigger and badder challenge. You'll be racing against the likes of horses names you can't even pronounce, or have only seen on high-priced Pay-Per-SimView Events.  Do well here and you'll be set for life. Your horse wishes to enter an International Racing Competition.» → «You've dominated the local and professional scene and now you're looking for a bigger and badder challenge. You'll be racing against the likes of horses names you can't even pronounce, or have only seen on high-priced Pay-Per-SimView Events. Do well here and you'll be set for life. Your horse wishes to enter an International Racing Competition.»
«{0.SimName} just completed the Human Form Skill Challenge.  If {0.SimName}  takes photos of Sims {MA.he}{FA.she} knows, their relationship will improve!» → «{0.SimName} just completed the Human Form Skill Challenge. If {0.SimName} takes photos of Sims {MA.he}{FA.she} knows, their relationship will improve!»
«This diploma hereby recognizes \n{0.String} \nas a fine graduate of {1.String} \nwith {2.String}. \n\nAwarded by the School President.» → «This diploma hereby recognises \n{0.String} \nas a fine graduate of {1.String} \nwith {2.String}. \n\nAwarded by the School President.»
«Light: Set Color Red» → «Light: Set Colour Red»
«A pale colored thatch roof.» → «A pale coloured thatch roof.»
«Synthesized drinks are amazing, aren’t they? To think Sims in the past had to make their own…» → «Synthesised drinks are amazing, aren’t they? To think Sims in the past had to make their own…»
«Whew, the surgeon managed to find your old profile and get you back into your original shape.  Good as new!» → «Whew, the surgeon managed to find your old profile and get you back into your original shape. Good as new!»
«“The tower is quite beautiful. As I look at this picture you took, I realize that I need to take a little more time out of my day to appreciate Champs Les Sims. This exhibit will be a hit! Here’s payment for the photo.”» → «“The tower is quite beautiful. As I look at this picture you took, I realise that I need to take a little more time out of my day to appreciate Champs Les Sims. This exhibit will be a hit! Here’s payment for the photo.”»
«It might be time to hang up your millitary-inspired, faux lined houndstooth coat and become the best dressed retiree in town.  Go out in style!» → «It might be time to hang up your millitary-inspired, faux lined houndstooth coat and become the best dressed retiree in town. Go out in style!»
«Often considered pretentiously pompous by many Sims, pampas grass might bring you the influence you need in your neighborhood.» → «Often considered pretentiously pompous by many Sims, pampas grass might bring you the influence you need in your neighbourhood.»
«Food made with top-of-the-line equipment just has that superior flavor!» → «Food made with top-of-the-line equipment just has that superior flavour!»
«DEBUG Learn Trick ...» → «DEBUG Learn Trick ...»
«Have you ever wondered how your favorite pet would be if they were loud instead of quiet, or neat instead of piggy?  Go ahead and choose new traits for your pet.» → «Have you ever wondered how your favourite pet would be if they were loud instead of quiet, or neat instead of piggy? Go ahead and choose new traits for your pet.»
«Your Sim wants to take a Drums Skill class to learn the skill. Visit the Theatre to enroll in the class.» → «Your Sim wants to take a Drums Skill class to learn the skill. Visit the Cinema to enroll in the class.»
«Strength of Fertilizer: {0.String}» → «Strength of Fertiliser: {0.String}»
«Inspect {OpNumEventsCurrent}/{OpNumEventsGoal} Mailboxes» → «Inspect {OpNumEventsCurrent}/{OpNumEventsGoal} Post Boxes»
«The secluded upstairs bedroom of this beautiful retreat offers a huge balcony for stepping outside on cool desert nights.  The downstairs living room offers large windows for viewing the dunes on warm desert days.» → «The secluded upstairs bedroom of this beautiful retreat offers a huge balcony for stepping outside on cool desert nights. The downstairs living room offers large windows for viewing the dunes on warm desert days.»
«Bands will automatically be eligible for Gig offers in Bridgeport. For more information on creating band venues in other neighborhoods, see the lesson on "Building Band Venues."» → «Bands will automatically be eligible for Gig offers in Bridgeport. For more information on creating band venues in other neighbourhoods, see the lesson on "Building Band Venues."»
«All {0.SimFirstName} could dream of was utter isolation. {MA.He}{FA.She} woke up feeling totally lonely and in dire need of socializing.» → «All {0.SimFirstName} could dream of was utter isolation. {MA.He}{FA.She} woke up feeling totally lonely and in dire need of socialising.»
«This pyramid is much smaller than the Great Pyramid, but there has to be a reason it is called the Pyramid of the Wind.  This bears further investigation.  {1.SimFirstName} has earned the reward though and should report back.» → «This pyramid is much smaller than the Great Pyramid, but there has to be a reason it is called the Pyramid of the Wind. This bears further investigation. {1.SimFirstName} has earned the reward though and should report back.»
«It is most excellent to see a fresh set of hands in Al Simhara! I suggest you visit the market before you venture further to purchase a tent, some dried food, and a Shower in a Can so that you don’t end up starved or smelly amongst the dunes. Here is some dried food – awful tasting stuff, but it will keep you alive.  I need you to take care of a small errand for me. I accidentally left some papers in a nearby tomb.  Go to the Tomb of Discovery, find my papers, and bring them back to me. You will be compensated. Then, I will give you more exciting tasks!» → «It is most excellent to see a fresh set of hands in Al Simhara! I suggest you visit the market before you venture further to purchase a tent, some dried food, and a Shower in a Can so that you don’t end up starved or smelly amongst the dunes. Here is some dried food – awful tasting stuff, but it will keep you alive. I need you to take care of a small errand for me. I accidentally left some papers in a nearby tomb. Go to the Tomb of Discovery, find my papers, and bring them back to me. You will be compensated. Then, I will give you more exciting tasks!»
«{MA.His}{FA.Her} hands are a little roughed up, but {2.SimName} will always remember salvaging {MA.his}{FA.her} first broken object from the junkyard.» → «{MA.His}{FA.Her} hands are a little roughed up, but {2.SimName} will always remember salvaging {MA.his}{FA.her} first broken object from the scrapyard.»
«Most can be immediately replaced in a criminal organization, especially for the right fee. The Leader doesn’t want to see this happen to you, so it has been suggested that you read “Making Yourself Indispensable.” Do this, and The Leader will make sure a good word is put in to increase your job performance. It never hurts to abide the Leader’s wishes.» → «Most can be immediately replaced in a criminal organisation, especially for the right fee. The Leader doesn’t want to see this happen to you, so it has been suggested that you read “Making Yourself Indispensable.” Do this, and The Leader will make sure a good word is put in to increase your job performance. It never hurts to abide the Leader’s wishes.»
«{0.SimName} has had {MA.his}{FA.her} daycare license suspended. Attend class at City Hall to lift the suspension.» → «{0.SimName} has had {MA.his}{FA.her} nursery license suspended. Attend class at City Hall to lift the suspension.»
«Due to bad service, {0.SimName}'s Daycare career has been put on hold via suspension. {MA.He}{FA.She} will need to attend a class at City Hall to put things right and learn to be better.» → «Due to bad service, {0.SimName}'s Nursery career has been put on hold via suspension. {MA.He}{FA.She} will need to attend a class at City Hall to put things right and learn to be better.»
«Bad service and neglecting children is shameful. {0.SimName}'s daycare license was suspended. {0.SimName} must pay a fine and attend class at City Hall with an intent to change {MA.his}{FA.her} actions to lift the suspension.» → «Bad service and neglecting children is shameful. {0.SimName}'s nursery license was suspended. {0.SimName} must pay a fine and attend class at City Hall with an intent to change {MA.his}{FA.her} actions to lift the suspension.»
«{0.SimName}'s daycare license was suspended and {MA.he}{FA.she} must pay a fine. {0.SimName} should attend class at City Hall to reinstate {MA.his}{FA.her} daycare business and lift the suspension.» → «{0.SimName}'s nursery license was suspended and {MA.he}{FA.she} must pay a fine. {0.SimName} should attend class at City Hall to reinstate {MA.his}{FA.her} nursery business and lift the suspension.»
«Hey buddy, you forgot to pay your tab. Those drinks weren't free you know! The bill will be in the mail.» → «Hey buddy, you forgot to pay your tab. Those drinks weren't free you know! The bill will be in the post.»
«Eat Cookie ({0.Number} left)» → «Eat Biscuit ({0.Number} left)»
«“Attend Free Game” at The Stadium before time runs out to improve school performance.» → «“Attend Free Match” at The Stadium before time runs out to improve school performance.»
«This color scheme is already applied to your tower.» → «This colour scheme is already applied to your tower.»
«Uber Prankster» → «Über Prankster»
«Select skin color» → «Select skin colour»
«Now that {1.SimFirstName} has the keystone, they should probably check with {16.SimName} before trying anything dangerous.  {1.SimFirstName} should head back to China at their first opportunity.» → «Now that {1.SimFirstName} has the keystone, they should probably check with {16.SimName} before trying anything dangerous. {1.SimFirstName} should head back to China at their first opportunity.»
«More than you ever thought you needed in a camera, the QX40di will open up whole new panoramas of photographic excellence.  You don't know you need it, but it knows you do. Trust in the amazing AI built into every Gladiator model.» → «More than you ever thought you needed in a camera, the QX40di will open up whole new panoramas of photographic excellence. You don't know you need it, but it knows you do. Trust in the amazing AI built into every Gladiator model.»
«You currently have one or more expansion packs for The Sims™ 3 installed.  Uninstalling\\nThe Sims™ 3 will cause those expansion pack(s) to no longer function correctly.\\n\\nDo you wish to contiune uninstalling The Sims™ 3?» → «You currently have one or more expansion packs for The Sims™ 3 installed. Uninstalling\\nThe Sims™ 3 will cause those expansion pack(s) to no longer function correctly.\\n\\nDo you wish to contiune uninstalling The Sims™ 3?»
«Football ({0.Money})» → «American football ({0.Money})»
«Long lost Auntie Francine heard about the birth of the twins and sent each of them one of her favorite childhood toys. If the children gain relationship with it, they can potentially unlock its secrets when they age. Get the mail to place the toys in the twins' inventories.» → «Long lost Auntie Francine heard about the birth of the twins and sent each of them one of her favourite childhood toys. If the children gain relationship with it, they can potentially unlock its secrets when they age. Get the mail to place the toys in the twins' inventories.»
«Grandma Mimi was excited to hear about the birth of the twins. While on vacation, she found two mystical toys and sent them to the twins. The seller said if the children gain relationship with it, mystical occurences may happen as the children age. Obtain the mail to place the toys in the twins' inventories.» → «Grandma Mimi was excited to hear about the birth of the twins. While on vacation, she found two mystical toys and sent them to the twins. The seller said if the children gain relationship with it, mystical occurences may happen as the children age. Obtain the post to place the toys in the twins' inventories.»
«Grandpa Watts was electrified to hear about the birth of the twins! He sent two special gifts in the mail to light up his new grandchildren's lives. Gain relationship with it and reveal the secrets of this family heirloom as the children age. Retrieve the gift from the mailbox to place the toys in the twins' inventories.» → «Grandpa Watts was electrified to hear about the birth of the twins! He sent two special gifts in the post to light up his new grandchildren's lives. Gain relationship with it and reveal the secrets of this family heirloom as the children age. Retrieve the gift from the postbox to place the toys in the twins' inventories.»
«Two mystical gifts have arrived for the twins in the mail. Nana LuLu retrieved them from a far away land. It is said to have mystical powers if relationship is gained with it. Discover its mysteries as the children age. Obtain the mail to put the toys in the twins' inventories.» → «Two mystical gifts have arrived for the twins in the post. Nana LuLu retrieved them from a far away land. It is said to have mystical powers if relationship is gained with it. Discover its mysteries as the children age. Obtain the post to put the toys in the twins' inventories.»
«A long lost friend heard about the birth of the twins. He sent each of them a unique toy that is said to create mysterious occurences to those who gain relationship with it as they age. Get the mail to place the toys in the twins' inventories.» → «A long lost friend heard about the birth of the twins. He sent each of them a unique toy that is said to create mysterious occurences to those who gain relationship with it as they age. Get the post to place the toys in the twins' inventories.»
«Consignment Register» → «Thrift Register»
«{OpTarget} would like a sculpture of any Sim delivered for some kind of testing or training. {OpTarget} wasn't too specific with the details!  An additional requirement is that the sculpture is made of ice. They are confident {OpOwner} will find the effort is justified by a cash reward.» → «{OpTarget} would like a sculpture of any Sim delivered for some kind of testing or training. {OpTarget} wasn't too specific with the details! An additional requirement is that the sculpture is made of ice. They are confident {OpOwner} will find the effort is justified by a cash reward.»
«The correct cookie was chosen and Fate now favors {0.SimFirstName}.» → «The correct biscuit was chosen and Fate now favors {0.SimFirstName}.»
«This relic seems fairly unique, with inscriptions similar to the ones found on the keystone.  This feels like something {2.String} would want to see.» → «This relic seems fairly unique, with inscriptions similar to the ones found on the keystone. This feels like something {2.String} would want to see.»
«No game disc found! Please insert The Sims™ 3  Showtime disc before proceeding.» → «No game disc found! Please insert The Sims™ 3 Showtime disc before proceeding.»
«A petrified tomato.  Will not spoil.» → «A petrified tomato. Will not spoil.»
«Center Peak Wave» → «Centre Peak Wave»
«Your Sim seeks the solace and pace of a neighborhood jog. Pick the route and strap on some sneakers.» → «Your Sim seeks the solace and pace of a neighbourhood jog. Pick the route and strap on some sneakers.»
«Ouch!  Talk about a hot situation.  Luckily {1.SimFirstName} needs to get Soaked next which will help the current situation a great deal.  Time to find a Dive Well or Steam Trap!» → «Ouch! Talk about a hot situation. Luckily {1.SimFirstName} needs to get Soaked next which will help the current situation a great deal. Time to find a Dive Well or Steam Trap!»
«Many hours of enjoyment can be had by playing with a pet! It'd be fun to watch your snake slither and wind itself around your hand! Your Sim wants to Play with a Snake.» → «Many hours of enjoyment can be had by playing with a pet! It'd be fun to watch your snake slither and wind itself around your hand! Your Sim wants to Play with a Snake.»
«Go to work and win a game to give your job performance a big boost!» → «Go to work and win a match to give your job performance a big boost!»
«I've had the same hair color all of my life. It's not bad, but I would really like something new and exciting!» → «I've had the same hair colour all of my life. It's not bad, but I would really like something new and exciting!»
«I had some other stylist color my hair and I just don't like the job they did. The color seems uneven and the highlights bleed. Anyway, do a better job. Thanks.» → «I had some other stylist colour my hair and I just don't like the job they did. The colour seems uneven and the highlights bleed. Anyway, do a better job. Thanks.»
«My current hair color is getting a bit brassy. Can you bring some life back into it? Maybe some highlights? or lowlights?» → «My current hair colour is getting a bit brassy. Can you bring some life back into it? Maybe some highlights? or lowlights?»
«Lightning quick reflexes (honed at the gym of course) and impeccable teamwork will take your Sim far, but only the most cat-like thieves will reach the rank of Master Thief. The path of thievery begins with the local crime organization and leads to the pilfering of the world’s jewels!» → «Lightning quick reflexes (honed at the gym of course) and impeccable teamwork will take your Sim far, but only the most cat-like thieves will reach the rank of Master Thief. The path of thievery begins with the local crime organisation and leads to the pilfering of the world’s jewels!»
«One of the stars of {0.SimFirstName}'s film decided to throw a tantrum today. Seems that someone forgot to take all the red candies out of his candy dish. Luckily, {0.SimFirstName} leapt to the rescue, carefully separating the offensively colored confections. {0.SimFirstName}'s boss was very grateful!» → «One of the stars of {0.SimFirstName}'s film decided to throw a tantrum today. Seems that someone forgot to take all the red candies out of his candy dish. Luckily, {0.SimFirstName} leapt to the rescue, carefully separating the offensively coloured confections. {0.SimFirstName}'s boss was very grateful!»
«Cozy Fire» → «Cosy Fire»
«Civic Center Festival Grounds» → «Civic Centre Festival Grounds»
«The Tropicalio Bedstead features a frame so simple, it’s fancy. And if that doesn’t make sense to you, maybe you need to look for a different bed. Bedstead aficionados will recognize its fine charms right away. Includes mattress!» → «The Tropicalio Bedstead features a frame so simple, it’s fancy. And if that doesn’t make sense to you, maybe you need to look for a different bed. Bedstead aficionados will recognise its fine charms right away. Includes mattress!»
«You dazzled, you wowed, you played like a Sim possessed! The scouts left pleased, and you better believe the team owners took note. To make sure you aren’t pulled away, they’ve given your job performance a healthy boost.» → «You dazzled, you wowed, you played like a Sim possessed! The scouts left pleased, and you better believe the club owners took note. To make sure you aren’t pulled away, they’ve given your job performance a healthy boost.»
«{0.SimFirstName} has caused a minor amount of damage to public property.  A fine of {1.Money} will be sent to {MA.his}{FA.her} house. {0.SimFirstName} is on notice for {2.Number} days and should try to be on {MA.his}{FA.her} best behavior.» → «{0.SimFirstName} has caused a minor amount of damage to public property. A fine of {1.Money} will be sent to {MA.his}{FA.her} house. {0.SimFirstName} is on notice for {2.Number} days and should try to be on {MA.his}{FA.her} best behavior.»
«Greetings {0.SimFirstName}! It is my honor to reward you with the {1.String} in recognition of {3.Number} cases solved! You are shaping up to be a fine Investigator and the citizens of {TownName} expect great things of you! Keep up the good work.» → «Greetings {0.SimFirstName}! It is my honour to reward you with the {1.String} in recognition of {3.Number} cases solved! You are shaping up to be a fine Investigator and the citizens of {TownName} expect great things of you! Keep up the good work.»
«Order Favorite Drink» → «Order Favourite Drink»
«Mandy is a Sim who loves to party, hang with her friends, and date cute guys. She can often be seen hanging at the local venues to catch the latest act (even the bad ones) – anything to get her out of the house.  Her dad forced Mandy to get a job in his attempt to teach her some responsibilities. In an act of rebellion Mandy chose the one job that would disgust her father – a Mausoleum Clerk.  With her dad disapproving, Mandy thinks she has the perfect job!» → «Mandy is a Sim who loves to party, hang with her friends, and date cute guys. She can often be seen hanging at the local venues to catch the latest act (even the bad ones) – anything to get her out of the house. Her dad forced Mandy to get a job in his attempt to teach her some responsibilities. In an act of rebellion Mandy chose the one job that would disgust her father – a Mausoleum Clerk. With her dad disapproving, Mandy thinks she has the perfect job!»
«Cookies Served by Evil» → «Biscuits Served by Evil»
«Favorite music discovered!» → «Favourite music discovered!»
«Neighborhood Outreach» → «Neighbourhood Outreach»
«This floor length Spanish colonial window will let in plenty of sunlight, moonlight, and the occasional low flying bird. The design of this window was inspired by drawings of Padre Jimenez, the monk-architect of San Juan Benedicto. He really was a man with a mission.» → «This floor length Spanish colonial window will let in plenty of sunlight, moonlight, and the occasional low flying bird. The design of this window was inspired by drawings of Padre Jiménez, the monk-architect of San Juan Benedicto. He really was a lad with a mission.»
«Few Sims realize that the stars are constantly moving in the sky, very slowly. You’d like to check their present alignment for anomalies at the Observatory.» → «Few Sims realise that the stars are constantly moving in the sky, very slowly. You’d like to check their present alignment for anomalies at the Observatory.»
«Honor {0.SimName} with a few kind words.» → «Honour {0.SimName} with a few kind words.»
«Photos of things that are common around the house and neighborhood» → «Photos of things that are common around the house and neighbourhood»
«Blender. Pool table. What could go wrong? Your Sim wants to learn the 8-Ball Frappé Trick Shot.» → «Blender. Snooker table. What could go wrong? Your Sim wants to learn the 8-Ball Frappé Trick Shot.»
«Color 4» → «Colour 4»
«Color 1» → «Colour 1»
«Color 2» → «Colour 2»
«Color 3» → «Colour 3»
«Visit Fraternity with Date» → «Visit Men's College with Date»
«Honored Plumboticist» → «Honoured Plumboticist»
«Your purchased set is now installed. The contents of this set can be found within the game's catalogs.» → «Your purchased set is now installed. The contents of this set can be found within the game's catalogues.»
«Have your Sim throw a pool party, swim in the ocean and barbeque while snow is on the ground in the winter.» → «Have your Sim throw a pool party, swim in the ocean and barbecue while snow is on the ground in the winter.»
«{0.SimFirstName} got to participate in a triple alempodiderectomy today - a once in a lifetime opportunity!  It was quite risky but the patient made it through!  {0.SimFirstName} got to rub elbows with some co-workers as well as improve his job performance!» → «{0.SimFirstName} got to participate in a triple alempodiderectomy today - a once in a lifetime opportunity! It was quite risky but the patient made it through! {0.SimFirstName} got to rub elbows with some co-workers as well as improve his job performance!»
« {MA.He}{FA.She} has also been selected as Class Valedictorian because of {MA.his}{FA.her} outstanding school performance.» → «{MA.He}{FA.She} has also been selected as Class Valedictorian because of {MA.his}{FA.her} outstanding school performance.»
«The original plan was to sculpt an entire whale, but the money dried up halfway into production and the artist bailed for a more lucrative position with an architectural firm. Never one to waste, the woman who commissioned the statue transformed her half-a-whale into this breathtaking art installation.» → «The original plan was to sculpt an entire whale, but the money dried up halfway into production and the artist bailed for a more lucrative position with an architectural firm. Never one to waste, the gal who commissioned the statue transformed her half-a-whale into this breathtaking art installation.»
«{0.SimName} earned {1.Money} for donating plasma. And {MA.he}{FA.she} got a cookie!» → «{0.SimName} earned {1.Money} for donating plasma. And {MA.he}{FA.she} got a biscuit!»
« Use this object to designate a body of water as Fresh or Salt Water for fishing purposes.» → «Use this object to designate a body of water as Fresh or Salt Water for fishing purposes.»
«Late night stakeouts, dusting for prints, hacking computers, snooping for clues; the life of a private investigator is one of long hours, dangerous intrigues, and baffling mysteries. Sound logic and ample fortitude are required to excel in this fast pace world of criminal analysis. Put on your best disguise, grab your magnifying glass, and drop by the neighborhood Police Department to get started. For Sims following the path of the Pervasive Private Eye there is nothing more satisfying than putting together the clues to solve the mystery.» → «Late night stakeouts, dusting for prints, hacking computers, snooping for clues; the life of a private investigator is one of long hours, dangerous intrigues, and baffling mysteries. Sound logic and ample fortitude are required to excel in this fast pace world of criminal analysis. Put on your best disguise, grab your magnifying glass, and drop by the neighbourhood Police Department to get started. For Sims following the path of the Pervasive Private Eye there is nothing more satisfying than putting together the clues to solve the mystery.»
«Irresistible Sims are quite charming, although often times they may  get more than they asked for! Dates will be easy to find and others will flock to socialize with them, because they’re just so irresistible!» → «Irresistible Sims are quite charming, although often times they may get more than they asked for! Dates will be easy to find and others will flock to socialise with them, because they’re just so irresistible!»
«Preparing someone’s favorite meal is a special gift that hits the recipient in the stomach and travels straight up to the heart. You’ve been rewarded with a relationship boost and cash payment. Your Cooking Skill has also improved!» → «Preparing someone’s favourite meal is a special gift that hits the recipient in the stomach and travels straight up to the heart. You’ve been rewarded with a relationship boost and cash payment. Your Cooking Skill has also improved!»
«Insects Analyzed: {0.Number}» → «Insects Analysed: {0.Number}»
«Immersed in water for three days and then left in a dark room for five, the Dresser with Molding gets its fantastic shape from the mold that grows on it. Each particle of mold has a certificate in carpentry, ensuring quality with every dresser.» → «Immersed in water for three days and then left in a dark room for five, the Dresser with Moulding gets its fantastic shape from the mould that grows on it. Each particle of mould has a certificate in carpentry, ensuring quality with every dresser.»
«The Cozinator 450, the most pulse pounding, "comfy" dining seat of the 21st century is here to rock your world with more force than a cage wrestler's body slam. Sit down! The Cozinator 450 doesn't take "no" for an answer, so you'd best be prepared.» → «The Cosinator 450, the most pulse pounding, "comfy" dining seat of the 21st century is here to rock your world with more force than a cage wrestler's body slam. Sit down! The Cosinator 450 doesn't take "no" for an answer, so you'd best be prepared.»
«Placing {0.String}.  (Press ESC to skip)» → «Placing {0.String}. (Press ESC to skip)»
«Cozy Colonist Dining Chair by Van Allen Décor» → «Cosy Colonist Dining Chair by Van Allen Décor»
«Congratulations! {0.SimName} is now a Master Inventor, having created 50 Big Inventions.  All {MA.his}{FA.her} inventions will be of Master quality and higher value.» → «Congratulations! {0.SimName} is now a Master Inventor, having created 50 Big Inventions. All {MA.his}{FA.her} inventions will be of Master quality and higher value.»
«Showtime on Center Stage» → «Showtime on Centre Stage»
«Compete in Showdown at the Theatre.» → «Compete in Showdown at the Cinema.»
«{0.SimFirstName} has just won a Green Orb Award. Go to the nearest theater to pick it up.» → «{0.SimFirstName} has just won a Green Orb Award. Go to the nearest cinema to pick it up.»
«This Dew is so black that its true color is a mystery. Nobody will know its real color until it's used!» → «This Dew is so black that its true colour is a mystery. Nobody will know its real colour until it's used!»
«This charming… “cabinet” makes perfect living quarters for Bonehilda. It provides a cozy space for your trusty skeletal servant to recharge in between jobs. Who knows what a skeleton has that needs recharging, though… marrow? Pick one up today and watch your Bonehilda happily rest… in pieces!» → «This charming… “cabinet” makes perfect living quarters for Bonehilda. It provides a cosy space for your trusty skeletal servant to recharge in between jobs. Who knows what a skeleton has that needs recharging, though… marrow? Pick one up today and watch your Bonehilda happily rest… in pieces!»
«{2.SimName} just ate at a restaurant. {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember the fine china, elegant food, and the rude waiter!» → «{2.SimName} just ate at a restaurant. {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember the fine porcelain, elegant food, and the rude waiter!»
«Learning the Shave and a Haircut Trick Shot would be music to your Sim's ears! Head over the pool table and get practicing.» → «Learning the Shave and a Haircut Trick Shot would be music to your Sim's ears! Head over the snooker table and get practicing.»
«Congratulations {0.SimName} is now a expert at all things that creep and crawl.  As a reward {0.SimName} has a higher chance of catching and finding rarer beetles.» → «Congratulations {0.SimName} is now a expert at all things that creep and crawl. As a reward {0.SimName} has a higher chance of catching and finding rarer beetles.»
«HoloVenture Theater» → «HoloVenture Cinema»
«A Sim feeding a foal from a bottle is such a sweet sight!  What a special moment between the Sim and foal!» → «A Sim feeding a foal from a bottle is such a sweet sight! What a special moment between the Sim and foal!»
«Mailman cannot reach the mailbox on your lot!» → «Mailman cannot reach the post box on your lot!»
«That looks to be the last for this session.  Time to get back to the normal rat race.» → «That looks to be the last for this session. Time to get back to the normal rat race.»
«Appetizing Music» → «Appetising Music»
«Choose where you want to live for the term. Dorms, Sororities, and Fraternities are free for enrolled students. Houses require rent to be paid up front for the term.» → «Choose where you want to live for the term. Dorms, men's colleges, and women's colleges are free for enrolled students. Houses require rent to be paid up front for the term.»
«You missed the big game! Oh well, they lost anyway. Or maybe they lost because you didn’t show up! Boo!» → «You missed the big match! Oh well, they lost anyway. Or maybe they lost because you didn’t show up! Boo!»
«When it’s round up  time for the little ones in your house, the Round Up Time Door is the perfect instrument to make sure your cowboys or cowgirls stay put for the night. Ain't nothin’ good about havin’ the herd skedaddling about in the night!» → «When it’s round up time for the little ones in your house, the Round Up Time Door is the perfect instrument to make sure your cowboys or cowgirls stay put for the night. Ain't nothin’ good about havin’ the herd skedaddling about in the night!»
«• Your Sim will be reluctant to socialize with Sims that aren't friends.» → «• Your Sim will be reluctant to socialise with Sims that aren't friends.»
«Analyze a Plant» → «Analyse a Plant»
«Trip and traveling prices are reduced for Sims with this reward.» → «Trip and travelling prices are reduced for Sims with this reward.»
«(From Daycare Sim)» → «(From Nursery Sim)»
«Darling husband arrived at the resort looking a little dough-y. Now I can bounce a quarter off of his abs! Thanks, free gym facilities!» → «Darling husband arrived at the resort looking a little dough-y. Now I can bounce a penny off of his abs! Thanks, free gym facilities!»
«Test:  {MA.Male0. Male0. Male0}{FA.Female0}{MB.Male1}{FB.Female1}: EndTest {2.SimFirstName}» → «Test: {MA.Male0. Male0. Male0}{FA.Female0}{MB.Male1}{FB.Female1}: EndTest {2.SimFirstName}»
«Difficult players don’t stand a chance against your imposing, well-prepared person. Your boss knows this and likes you all the more for it. Your job performance has  increased as a result of your efforts.» → «Difficult players don’t stand a chance against your imposing, well-prepared person. Your boss knows this and likes you all the more for it. Your job performance has increased as a result of your efforts.»
«Light: Set Color Magenta» → «Light: Set Colour Magenta»
«Ouch! Sorry, I just smacked the old gourd under the couch looking for…uhh, something. You look thirsty! Why don’t you a drink at the Cafeteria? I hear they’re so sugary and delicious that the place attracts Nanites from miles around!» → «Ouch! Sorry, I just smacked the old gourd under the couch looking for…uhh, something. You look thirsty! Why don’t you get a drink at the Cafeteria? I hear they’re so sugary and delicious that the place attracts Nanites from miles around!»
«It’s always a good day to take a dip in the pool! Let your worries swim away  - unless you can’t swim!» → «It’s always a good day to take a dip in the pool! Let your worries swim away - unless you can’t swim!»
«A distance voice resounds from below, “The blue priest of Horus is generous.  If you are brave, walk the path and collect your treasure.  You will not be harmed if you leave the dead be.”» → «A distance voice resounds from below, “The blue priest of Horus is generous. If you are brave, walk the path and collect your treasure. You will not be harmed if you leave the dead be.”»
«Seafaring Sims formerly resided in the upper bay of Bridgeport and The Trawler lodge offered accommodations to those hearty souls when they were in port.  We suspect this abode still offers housing to a motley crew.» → «Seafaring Sims formerly resided in the upper bay of Bridgeport and The Trawler lodge offered accommodations to those hearty souls when they were in port. We suspect this abode still offers housing to a motley crew.»
«{0.String} lost a big game at the stadium and is feeling like a failure. This situation clearly calls for a cheery Sing-A-Gram!» → «{0.String} lost a big match at the stadium and is feeling like a failure. This situation clearly calls for a cheery Sing-A-Gram!»
«{0.SimFirstName} will receive {1.Number} royalty payments of {2.Money}.  Payments will be received on Sunday at {3.String}.» → «{0.SimFirstName} will receive {1.Number} royalty payments of {2.Money}. Payments will be received on Sunday at {3.String}.»
«Oh cripes! {OpTarget} used me as source material for a new true crime novel. {OpTargetFirstName} got a bad case of writer's block, so a crime was setup and I was hired so that I could be observed in action. I'm  humbled, but this portion of the royalty check will soon soothe my pride.» → «Oh cripes! {OpTarget} used me as source material for a new true crime novel. {OpTargetFirstName} got a bad case of writer's block, so a crime was setup and I was hired so that I could be observed in action. I'm humbled, but this portion of the royalty check will soon soothe my pride.»
«With crises such as Emergency Weekend Daycare and Problem Children, true Daycare Dynamos will have their hands full. Be sure to use the unlocked socials and rewards to keep the kids in line, and don't be afraid to bring in some help!» → «With crises such as Emergency Weekend Nursery and Problem Children, true Nursery Dynamos will have their hands full. Be sure to use the unlocked socials and rewards to keep the kids in line, and don't be afraid to bring in some help!»
«The better the Daycare specialist, the more kids (and money) will show up, including school age children coming by for after school care. They'll need to get their homework done to get the best rating.» → «The better the Nursery specialist, the more kids (and money) will show up, including school age children coming by for after school care. They'll need to get their homework done to get the best rating.»
«Nurturing or Family-Oriented Sims should check out the new Daycare profession, which allows them to care for the neighborhood's bundles of joy. This profession can be found on the newspaper or computer.» → «Nurturing or Family-Oriented Sims should check out the new Nursery profession, which allows them to care for the neighbourhood's bundles of joy. This profession can be found in the newspaper or computer.»
«Prepare For Game» → «Prepare For Match»
«Pick 'n Pull Junkyard» → «Pick 'n Pull Scrapyard»
«You’ve certainly increased your Charisma Skill with all that socializing! You received some money for your participation in the ‘Friendly World’ program.» → «You’ve certainly increased your Charisma Skill with all that socialising! You received some money for your participation in the ‘Friendly World’ program.»
«Equestrian Champions have won at least {0.Number} Equestrian Center competitions at the Advanced or International level.  They are so well-known in the riding world that they receive extra prize money from sponorships at every competition they win.» → «Equestrian Champions have won at least {0.Number} Equestrian Centre competitions at the Advanced or International level. They are so well-known in the riding world that they receive extra prize money from sponorships at every competition they win.»
«There are many paths to acquiring wealth, though some are more devious and selfish than others. Gold Diggers seek to marry the incredibly wealthy and yearn to see the “hopefully” premature demise of their spouse. It’s the only way to really enjoy the money – alone and rich with the spouse six-feet under in the backyard.» → «There are many paths to acquiring wealth, though some are more devious and selfish than others. Gold Diggers seek to marry the incredibly wealthy and yearn to see the “hopefully” premature demise of their spouse. It’s the only way to really enjoy the money – alone and rich with the spouse 2 metres under in the backyard.»
«The band apparently trusts you enough to be the guiding hand behind the scenes. You’ll be instrumental in telling them what gigs to take, where to make their appearances, and what colors the t-shirts should come in. Make sure they like you, because even though you’re in charge, they still pay your salary.» → «The band apparently trusts you enough to be the guiding hand behind the scenes. You’ll be instrumental in telling them what gigs to take, where to make their appearances, and what colours the t-shirts should come in. Make sure they like you, because even though you’re in charge, they still pay your salary.»
«Bleh! The {1.String} notes overpower the {0.String} flavor and ruin it.» → «Bleh! The {1.String} notes overpower the {0.String} Flavour and ruin it.»
«Yuck!  The {0.String} flavor is overpowering, washing out the {1.String} hints.» → «Yuck! The {0.String} Flavour is overpowering, washing out the {1.String} hints.»
«Pranks are mischievous fun for children and teens alike! Your Sim is looking for trouble and wishes to Pull a Prank. Look for a household object to Booby Trap, or pull a Prank at school or a neighbor's home.» → «Pranks are mischievous fun for children and teens alike! Your Sim is looking for trouble and wishes to Pull a Prank. Look for a household object to Booby Trap, or pull a Prank at school or a neighbour's home.»
«The trash can was topped off with empty containers full of corn starch and food coloring -- the ingredients for synthetic ectoplasm! It's all a fake. The culprit is trying to pin this on the dead and failing. I should have known -- dead Sims tell no false tales. I should confront the culprit to end this.» → «The waste bin was topped off with empty containers full of corn starch and food coloring — the ingredients for synthetic ectoplasm! It's all a fake. The culprit is trying to pin this on the dead and failing. I should have known — dead Sims tell no false tales. I should confront the culprit to end this.»
«• Mayday Mayday! Celebrity Sighting Alert! Some of the hottest stars are said to appear at '{0.String}'. Come hang out at  '{0.String}' and meet the star of your dreams!» → «• Mayday Mayday! Celebrity Sighting Alert! Some of the hottest stars are said to appear at '{0.String}'. Come hang out at '{0.String}' and meet the star of your dreams!»
«• The hottest spot in town is '{0.String}'! It's rumored to have frequent Celebrity sightings and the trendiest crowd around. Don't miss out!» → «• The hottest spot in town is '{0.String}'! It's rumoured to have frequent Celebrity sightings and the trendiest crowd around. Don't miss out!»
«•  '{0.String}' is all the rave right now! The bar snacks are said to be the best in the area. Visit '{0.String}' tonight and judge for yourself!» → «• '{0.String}' is all the rave right now! The bar snacks are said to be the best in the area. Visit '{0.String}' tonight and judge for yourself!»
«Insufficient household funds to see the game!» → «Insufficient household funds to see the match!»
«Glamour, Elegance, Fashion. Check, check aaaaaaand check! Whether you just want to gussy up or change into a new pair o' duds, this exquisitely crafted vanity dresser from PreenUsVenus will do the job. Not only will you look phenomenal, but so will any room you decide to adorn with such a magnificent hybrid.» → «Glamour, Elegance, Fashion. Check, check aaaaaaand check! Whether you just want to freshen up or change into a new pair o' duds, this exquisitely crafted vanity dresser from PreenUsVenus will do the job. Not only will you look phenomenal, but so will any room you decide to adorn with such a magnificent hybrid.»
«Fertilizer Flinger» → «Fertiliser Flinger»
« Improved Localized Static Tester» → «Improved Localised Static Tester»
«A Whole Horse of a Different Color» → «A Whole Horse of a Different Colour»
«A washing in the Sonic Shower by waves of {MA.his}{FA.her} favorite color lets {0.SimFirstName} feel extra-fresh!» → «A washing in the Sonic Shower by waves of {MA.his}{FA.her} favourite colour lets {0.SimFirstName} feel extra-fresh!»
«Localization Project Manager» → «Localisation Project Manager»
«Scientists were unable to come up with a clever name for this gem due to its mind-numbing color scheme. It is comprised of several minerals, including one that is only found in sharks.» → «Scientists were unable to come up with a clever name for this gem due to its mind-numbing colour scheme. It is comprised of several minerals, including one that is only found in sharks.»
«{0.SimFirstName} managed to convince the paparazzi that she didn't really mean what she said. She was "just repeating a comment she heard from somewhere else."  Nice Save!» → «{0.SimFirstName} managed to convince the paparazzi that she didn't really mean what she said. She was "just repeating a comment she heard from somewhere else." Nice Save!»
«The techniques were strange and although they improved your Athletic Skill, it was no surprise that they were banned.  {2.String} was oddly excited about them and paid you §2500 for going to China.» → «The techniques were strange and although they improved your Athletic Skill, it was no surprise that they were banned. {2.String} was oddly excited about them and paid you §2500 for going to China.»
«Play Pool by Yourself» → «Play Snooker by Yourself»
«All three mailboxes contained junk mail from the local bookstore. Used books? I don't think I care much for used books and apparently neither do the locals. I should report back to {OpTarget} so that the bookstore can be told to stop spamming folks.» → «All three post boxes contained junk post from the local bookstore. Used books? I don't think I care much for used books and apparently neither do the locals. I should report back to {OpTarget} so that the bookstore can be told to stop spamming folks.»
«{0.SimFirstName} may now enter Equestrian Center Show Jumping competitions.» → «{0.SimFirstName} may now enter Equestrian Centre Show Jumping competitions.»
«{0.SimFirstName} may now Gallop while riding, use Race Training Posts, run Jumping Courses, and enter Equestrian Center Racing competitions.» → «{0.SimFirstName} may now Gallop while riding, use Race Training Posts, run Jumping Courses, and enter Equestrian Centre Racing competitions.»
«{0.SimFirstName} may now enter Equestrian Center Cross-Country competitions.» → «{0.SimFirstName} may now enter Equestrian Centre Cross-Country competitions.»
«Town Trashcan» → «Town Waste Bin»
«Congratulations on becoming a top level Architectural Designer! Your world wide fame has caught the attention of the City Council and they have unanimously voted on behalf of the citizens of {TownName} to present you with the {1.String}. The Mayor is preparing to honor your achievements in a ceremony outside City Hall.» → «Congratulations on becoming a top level Architectural Designer! Your world wide fame has caught the attention of the City Council and they have unanimously voted on behalf of the citizens of {TownName} to present you with the {1.String}. The Mayor is preparing to honour your achievements in a ceremony outside City Hall.»
«The wolf is unique as an animal in that it has the reputation both for being lone and for traveling in packs. Right now your Sim wants to hunt with the pack.» → «The wolf is unique as an animal in that it has the reputation both for being lone and for travelling in packs. Right now your Sim wants to hunt with the pack.»
«Use "Spread Good Rumors" to {1.Number} Sims and report to {2.String} to earn some Visa Points.» → «Use "Spread Good Rumours" to {1.Number} Sims and report to {2.String} to earn some Visa Points.»
«Civic Center Summer Festival» → «Civic Centre Summer Festival»
«{0.SimName} is starving!  {1.SimName} should get off soon before {0.SimFirstName} bucks them off!» → «{0.SimName} is starving! {1.SimName} should get off soon before {0.SimFirstName} bucks them off!»
«Sorensen» → «Sørensen»
«Wall Mailbox» → «Wall Post Box»
«Faced with the horror of this alternate reality, {0.SimFirstName} would rather be subjected to nosy neighbors and loud late night dance parties. {0.SimFirstName} decided to give up and take {MA.his}{FA.her} chances at home.» → «Faced with the horror of this alternate reality, {0.SimFirstName} would rather be subjected to nosy neighbours and loud late night dance parties. {0.SimFirstName} decided to give up and take {MA.his}{FA.her} chances at home.»
«After traveling through the space time continuum, {0.SimFirstName} consulted with the cosmic fish and figured out the secret to happiness! Unfortunately, {MA.he}{FA.she} seems to have forgotten it on the way home.» → «After travelling through the space time continuum, {0.SimFirstName} consulted with the cosmic fish and figured out the secret to happiness! Unfortunately, {MA.he}{FA.she} seems to have forgotten it on the way home.»
«Whoa, luckily this {0.ObjectName} didn't jam {1.SimFirstName}'s miner.  Maybe its worth something.» → «Whoa, luckily this {0.ObjectName} didn't jam {1.SimFirstName}'s miner. Maybe its worth something.»
«Can five young adults from five different backgrounds really stand living together in a single house? Just about every personality is represented in this wacky household... but who is the exceedingly plain guy who doesn’t socialize with the others?  And how did he manage to get his own room?» → «Can five young adults from five different backgrounds really stand living together in a single house? Just about every personality is represented in this wacky household... but who is the exceedingly plain guy who doesn’t socialize with the others? And how did he manage to get his own room?»
«Quality of this fertilizer.» → «Quality of this Fertiliser.»
«This blend of Nectar is absolutely terrible!  What would you like to call it?» → «This blend of Nectar is absolutely terrible! What would you like to call it?»
«{0.SimFirstName} has a Good Sense of Humor, which means other Sims will really love her jokes. (Hover over any trait in the Simology panel to see more benefits.)» → «{0.SimFirstName} has a Good Sense of Humour, which means other Sims will really love her jokes. (Hover over any trait in the Simology panel to see more benefits.)»
«Here we sit, side by side, sipping nectar, until the eve we die. -- Isael & Jean» → «Here we sit, side by side, sipping nectar, until the eve we die. — Isael & Jean»
«The Local Flavor» → «The Local Flavour»
«Fairies are not famous for their patience, and one of their favorite shortcuts is making plants bloom instantly. Your Sim wants to give some plants a little “fairy dust” boost.» → «Fairies are not famous for their patience, and one of their favourite shortcuts is making plants bloom instantly. Your Sim wants to give some plants a little “fairy dust” boost.»
«“I’m so glad to hear the apparition is at peace. Who knew a simple garden filled with Pomegranates could mean so much to someone? I will cherish the garden in his honor. As for you, here are some old coins I found in my basement. You have my thanks!”» → «“I’m so glad to hear the apparition is at peace. Who knew a simple garden filled with Pomegranates could mean so much to someone? I will cherish the garden in his honour. As for you, here are some old coins I found in my basement. You have my thanks!”»
«The Flow!  Not one but a TWO handled Faucet?  Oh yea!  Hot AND cold water?  Of course!  A wash basin WITH a drain?  Why not.  WOW, The Flow has got it all!  And you know what?  YOU WANT IT!  And if you act now, we'll throw in, at no extra cost to you, a money back guarantee(guarantee offer subject to be discontinued at any time).» → «The Flow! Not one but a TWO handled Faucet? Oh yea! Hot AND cold water? Of course! A wash basin WITH a drain? Why not. WOW, The Flow has got it all! And you know what? YOU WANT IT! And if you act now, we'll throw in, at no extra cost to you, a money back guarantee (guarantee offer subject to be discontinued at any time).»
«The Sphinx bears down upon {1.SimFirstName} as if it already knows the reason of the intrusion.  It awaits expectantly for the required supplication.» → «The Sphinx bears down upon {1.SimFirstName} as if it already knows the reason of the intrusion. It awaits expectantly for the required supplication.»
«I'm in labor! How do you think I'm doing?» → «I'm in labour! How do you think I'm doing?»
«{0.SimFirstName} is a {1.String} Sim and is really itching for a new {2.String}. Gosh, just imagine how happy {0.SimFirstName} would be with one!  Now, who could be kind enough to make that happen?» → «{0.SimFirstName} is a {1.String} Sim and is really itching for a new {2.String}. Gosh, just imagine how happy {0.SimFirstName} would be with one! Now, who could be kind enough to make that happen?»
«Seasoned Traveler» → «Seasoned Traveller»
«Thanks for your help. But, I’m so disappointed! The new telescope lens got slightly damaged in the mail and will no longer fit into the lens socket! What shall I do? Wait! I have a friend who maybe able to fix it without having to send it back in the mail. You, {1.SimFirstName}, have proven to be a big help in my endeavor; can I request your services once again?  I need you to deliver the telescope parts to {2.SimName} to be fixed.» → «Thanks for your help. But, I’m so disappointed! The new telescope lens got slightly damaged in the post and will no longer fit into the lens socket! What shall I do? Wait! I have a friend who maybe able to fix it without having to send it back in the post. You, {1.SimFirstName}, have proven to be a big help in my endeavor; can I request your services once again? I need you to deliver the telescope parts to {2.SimName} to be fixed.»
«A Historical Hoarder has Collected {0.Number} Relics of each culture.  Relics discovered by Historical Hoarders are {1.Number}% more valuable.» → «A Historical Hoarder has Collected {0.Number} Relics of each culture. Relics discovered by Historical Hoarders are {1.Number}% more valuable.»
«Drats!  Foiled in sabotage plans once again. {0.SimFirstName} will just have to try again.» → «Drats! Foiled in sabotage plans once again. {0.SimFirstName} will just have to try again.»
«Erica is exactly as shy and refined as you’d expect a professional wrestler to be. Though semi-retired from the pro wrestling arena, she’s finding the wrestling with her children to be no walk in the park. She’s a woman who speaks her mind, and isn’t afraid to back it up with her patented stepover-armlock. These skills come in quite handy as she attempts to wrestle her three hyper pups into anything less than total chaos. She may have married into the family, but make no mistake – she’s a Wolff, loud and proud!» → «Erica is exactly as shy and refined as you’d expect a professional wrestler to be. Though semi-retired from the pro wrestling arena, she’s finding the wrestling with her children to be no walk in the park. She’s a gal who speaks her mind, and isn’t afraid to back it up with her patented stepover-armlock. These skills come in quite handy as she attempts to wrestle her three hyper pups into anything less than total chaos. She may have married into the family, but make no mistake – she’s a Wolff, loud and proud!»
«College living at its finest with your best friends. Guys only!» → «University living at its finest with your best friends. Guys only!»
«Hello, {0.SimFirstName}! So, you’re the new Architectural Designer I keep hearing so much about? You’re off to good start with {3.Number} successful jobs so far. I am honored to present you with the {1.String} on behalf of the town of {TownName}. What do you think – should I change the wallpaper in my office to something a bit earthier? I was thinking a deep sort of swamp green, or maybe a terra-cotta brown?» → «Hello, {0.SimFirstName}! So, you’re the new Architectural Designer I keep hearing so much about? You’re off to good start with {3.Number} successful jobs so far. I am honoured to present you with the {1.String} on behalf of the town of {TownName}. What do you think – should I change the wallpaper in my office to something a bit earthier? I was thinking a deep sort of swamp green, or maybe a terra-cotta brown?»
«Geologists have spent years painstakingly searching the world’s surface for the illusive essences of life.  And, after long last, they have found the essence of pure love, hidden within the rocks of the paleozoic layer!  Be sure to get one for yourself before the love is gone.» → «Geologists have spent years painstakingly searching the world’s surface for the illusive essences of life. And, after long last, they have found the essence of pure love, hidden within the rocks of the paleozoic layer! Be sure to get one for yourself before the love is gone.»
«Yum, this looks good!  Thanks!» → «Yum, this looks good! Thanks!»
«You know that special feeling of walking into a café and having your favorite order ready to go? The Gaffer replicates that special feeling as only a soulless machine can!» → «You know that special feeling of walking into a café and having your favourite order ready to go? The Gaffer replicates that special feeling as only a soulless machine can!»
«You'll spend hours considering your next move with this tournament quality Grandmaster Chess Set. Even if you're not a contender on the chess circuit, you can still be grandmaster of your own house.» → «You'll spend hours considering your next move with this tournament quality Grandmaster Chess Set. Even if you're not a contender on the chess tour, you can still be grandmaster of your own house.»
«Analyze a Fish» → «Analyse a Fish»
«The Sims™ 3 High-End Loft Stuff» → «The Sims™ 3 Design & High-Tech Stuff»
«This historic building was once the meeting place of Bridgeport’s movers and shakers.  However, lately it has fallen out of fashion and is now the denizen of citizens who do much less shaking and not too much moving either.» → «This historic building was once the meeting place of Bridgeport’s movers and shakers. However, lately it has fallen out of fashion and is now the denizen of citizens who do much less shaking and not too much moving either.»
«A Chinese merchant wants to commission you for a large painting to display at home.» → «A Chinese merchant wants to commission you for a large painting to display at home.»
«Cookies» → «Biscuits»
«Vegetarian Chili» → «Chili Sin Carne»
«There’s an Award Ceremony scheduled to honor an important Sim. The organizers are looking for an accomplished Laser Rhythm-a-con player to provide the music! Are you up to the challenge?» → «There’s an Award Ceremony scheduled to honour an important Sim. The organisers are looking for an accomplished Laser Rhythm-a-con player to provide the music! Are you up to the challenge?»
«The article was a great success!  Hopefully {0.SimFirstName} enjoys the cold hard cash to go with his cold heart as the principal of the school was fired!» → «The article was a great success! Hopefully {0.SimFirstName} enjoys the cold hard cash to go with his cold heart as the principal of the school was fired!»
«When our neighbors turned their little Cindy’s bedroom into a princess castle I knew my little pookie needed a sweet retreat as well! Make it as fun and as imaginative as you can!» → «When our neighbours turned their little Cindy’s bedroom into a princess castle I knew my little pookie needed a sweet retreat as well! Make it as fun and as imaginative as you can!»
«The term stained-glass actually refers to glass that has been colored by the addition of metallic salts during its manufacture. No discoloration, corruption, or blemish is indicated or implied. In fact, at Stain-Free Glass, inc., we clean our windows constantly, so you never have to worry about blots, spots or tarnish.» → «The term stained-glass actually refers to glass that has been coloured by the addition of metallic salts during its manufacture. No discolouration, corruption, or blemish is indicated or implied. In fact, at Stain-free Glass, inc., we clean our windows constantly, so you never have to worry about blots, spots or tarnish.»
«“Will you look at that! It is the Ancient Nectar Recipe of Jean Necteaux. The flavor combinations on this…well, it’s clear the man was a genius! You have my eternal gratitude and friendship, and that of the entire town's. I am not sure I could ever pay you enough, but perhaps my only bottle of original Necteaux Nectar would be a start?”» → «“Will you look at that! It is the Ancient Nectar Recipe of Jean Necteaux. The flavour combinations on this…well, it’s clear the lad was a genius! You have my eternal gratitude and friendship, and that of the entire town's. I am not sure I could ever pay you enough, but perhaps my only bottle of original Necteaux Nectar would be a start?”»
«{OpSourceFirstName} has long had qualms with a certain next door neighbor. Seems preposterous that the neighbor, {OpTarget}, would go on a nightly toe smashing rampage, but who knows? I should speak to {OpTarget} about this accusation.» → «{OpSourceFirstName} has long had qualms with a certain next door neighbour. Seems preposterous that the neighbour, {OpTarget}, would go on a nightly toe smashing rampage, but who knows? I should speak to {OpTarget} about this accusation.»
«This is a diploma for Sims who have graduated from High School.» → «This is a diploma for Sims who have graduated from Secondary School.»
«SimBots get lonely, too! Make sure your SimBot gets enough social contact by visiting neighbors or chatting it up on the phone. If there are no Sims to be found, SimBot can find stimulating conversation with every Sim's favorite appliance - the microwave!» → «SimBots get lonely, too! Make sure your SimBot gets enough social contact by visiting neighbours or chatting it up on the phone. If there are no Sims to be found, SimBot can find stimulating conversation with every Sim's favourite appliance - the microwave!»
«The mayor has decided to throw a public celebration in your honor. Make sure to head down to city hall to receive your award.» → «The mayor has decided to throw a public celebration in your honour. Make sure to head down to city hall to receive your award.»
«Having an instinctual craving to scratch things, cats may target your furniture.  Satisfying these cravings with a scratching post before your cat's claws are out could save your Simoleons!» → «Having an instinctual craving to scratch things, cats may target your furniture. Satisfying these cravings with a scratching post before your cat's claws are out could save your Simoleons!»
«Discolored Tan» → «Discoloured Tan»
«{1.SimName} has been transformed by Rainbow Dew from {0.SimName}. The bright colors should keep {MB.him}{FB.her} safe from motorists at night.» → «{1.SimName} has been transformed by Rainbow Dew from {0.SimName}. The bright colours should keep {MB.him}{FB.her} safe from motorists at night.»
«If you are ready to be a full-time Metaphysician, then it's time to tackle the big questions -- questions like "What?" and "Why?" Fortunately for you, these questions are so broad that there is an infinite space of vague answers to explore. Go ahead, get creative! Have fun with it! The best fake Metaphysicians never spew the same garbage twice.» → «If you are ready to be a full-time Metaphysician, then it's time to tackle the big questions — questions like "What?" and "Why?" Fortunately for you, these questions are so broad that there is an infinite space of vague answers to explore. Go ahead, get creative! Have fun with it! The best fake Metaphysicians never spew the same garbage twice.»
«Thank goodness someone finally responded! Come on, there's work to do. I've heard rumors that a nearby tomb holds a valuable treasure. Retrieve it for me, and you will be handsomely rewarded. You'll need this key to get into the tomb. What are you waiting for? Get to it!» → «Thank goodness someone finally responded! Come on, there's work to do. I've heard rumours that a nearby tomb holds a valuable treasure. Retrieve it for me, and you will be handsomely rewarded. You'll need this key to get into the tomb. What are you waiting for? Get to it!»
«Career Photographers know that it takes more than a photo credit to get famous.  They’re constantly working on their skill and selling their photos to be recognized and promoted.» → «Career Photographers know that it takes more than a photo credit to get famous. They’re constantly working on their skill and selling their photos to be recognised and promoted.»
«Set Laser Play Color» → «Set Laser Play Colour»
«{0.SimName} sells sports equipment and wants to persuade you that a Training Dummy is just as good as a live sparring partner.  Buy a Training Dummy and work out on it, then let {0.SimName} know what you think.» → «{0.SimName} sells sports equipment and wants to persuade you that a Training Dummy is just as good as a live sparring partner. Buy a Training Dummy and work out on it, then let {0.SimName} know what you think.»
«An old man who seems to talk in circles, Bennet Obi has a mysterious past. Barely speaking to anyone out in the Wasteland, he seems to be waiting for something.» → «An old lad who seems to talk in circles, Bennet Obi has a mysterious past. Barely speaking to anyone out in the Wasteland, he seems to be waiting for something.»
«In its continuing demand for local stardom, the Stadium Sports Association, has chosen you as the most promising delegate for the Platinum Belt Series Championships. It’s a huge honor and there’s a handsome reward for the winner.» → «In its continuing demand for local stardom, the Stadium Sports Association, has chosen you as the most promising delegate for the Platinum Belt Series Championships. It’s a huge honour and there’s a handsome reward for the winner.»
«Localization Engineering» → «Localisation Engineering»
«You placed the Gypsy’s Landing. Go here to have your fortune read!» → «You placed the Fortune Tellers’ Landing. Go here to have your fortune read!»
«Each windmill will reduce your bills by {0.Number}%.  You can use up to {1.Number} windmills to increase your reduction.» → «Each windmill will reduce your bills by {0.Number}%. You can use up to {1.Number} windmills to increase your reduction.»
«Gutierrez» → «Gutiérrez»
«With tires screeching and the engine roaring louder than a mob machine gun, {0.SimFirstName} managed to overtake the bad guys on the highway. It's a shame they are only peons and not worth the brilliant detective fury of {0.SimFirstName}.» → «With tires screeching and the engine roaring louder than a mob machine gun, {0.SimFirstName} managed to overtake the bad guys on the motorway. It's a shame they are only peons and not worth the brilliant detective fury of {0.SimFirstName}.»
«{0.SimFirstName} just experienced a shootout down at the docks. Things were looking pretty grim until {0.SimFirstName} activated the crane and dumped the entire bus full of criminals into the harbor!» → «{0.SimFirstName} just experienced a shootout down at the docks. Things were looking pretty grim until {0.SimFirstName} activated the crane and dumped the entire bus full of criminals into the harbour!»
«Mad scientists bent on world destruction have long created deadly animal hybrids to terrorize the unwitting populace. Who could forget the cruel attacks of the fearsome Gorlion, the terrifying Rhinoger, and the massive Elephadillo? As these attacks were inevitably thwarted by a crack special ops team, evil gene researcher Dr. Monroe turned to a different tactic: destroy the world with cuteness. Thus, the OctoCat was born!» → «Mad scientists bent on world destruction have long created deadly animal hybrids to terrorise the unwitting populace. Who could forget the cruel attacks of the fearsome Gorlion, the terrifying Rhinoger, and the massive Elephadillo? As these attacks were inevitably thwarted by a crack special ops team, evil gene researcher Dr. Monroe turned to a different tactic: destroy the world with cuteness. Thus, the OctoCat was born!»
«Invite Over Next Ranked Soccer Opponent» → «Invite Over Next Ranked Football Opponent»
«The Organization is planning a job on the {RabbitHoleName}. But first, they need you to case the joint. Go to the {RabbitHoleName} to look around a bit. Keep an eye open for good entry points, getaway routes, security guards, and the location of cameras. The Leader will provide you with a job performance increase when all of this is finished.» → «The Organisation is planning a job on the {RabbitHoleName}. But first, they need you to case the joint. Go to the {RabbitHoleName} to look around a bit. Keep an eye open for good entry points, getaway routes, security guards, and the location of cameras. The Leader will provide you with a job performance increase when all of this is finished.»
«Chances are you’re an adult and you’ve realized that you will probably never live inside a giant, enchanted tree. However, that’s no reason to give up the dream! The Enchanted Branch ceiling lights can bring a little bit of enchantment to any mundane home. Until they figure out how to get a wi-fi connection inside a giant sycamore, this is the next best thing.» → «Chances are you’re an adult and you’ve realised that you will probably never live inside a giant, enchanted tree. However, that’s no reason to give up the dream! The Enchanted Branch ceiling lights can bring a little bit of enchantment to any mundane home. Until they figure out how to get a Wi-Fi connection inside a giant sycamore, this is the next best thing.»
«The opposite of her twin brother Zack, Zoe looks up to her grandmother and wants to become a witch when she’s older so  she can cast evil spells to torment unsuspecting Sims. Her tantrums in the toy store are bad enough and no parent can resist her crying. And at home she is just as much of a handful, if not more. Zoe would make a great daredevil with her gasp-inducing stunts and knows all too well the trouble she causes her parents.» → «The opposite of her twin brother Zack, Zoë looks up to her grandmother and wants to become a witch when she’s older so she can cast evil spells to torment unsuspecting Sims. Her tantrums in the toy store are bad enough and no parent can resist her crying. And at home she is just as much of a handful, if not more. Zoe would make a great daredevil with her gasp-inducing stunts and knows all too well the trouble she causes her parents.»
«Everybody loves recycling, right?  That’s why we took genuine 20th-century hardwood library bookshelves and smashed them to a pulp in order to create these all new 21st-century library bookcases! They look the same, just more modern!» → «Everybody loves recycling, right? That’s why we took genuine 20th-century hardwood library bookshelves and smashed them to a pulp in order to create these all new 21st-century library bookcases! They look the same, just more modern!»
«Eat Snow Cone» → «Eat Sorbet»
«Only in France do people truly have an appreciation for baguettes and berets.  Other countries scoff or belittle some of the finest things in life, but they are foolish.» → «Only in France do people truly have an appreciation for baguettes and berets. Other countries scoff or belittle some of the finest things in life, but they are foolish.»
«I find that most people cannot believe how full of delicious gourmet food and drink our country is.  I hope you don't mind my use of the word delicious.» → «I find that most people cannot believe how full of delicious gourmet food and drink our country is. I hope you don't mind my use of the word delicious.»
«I’m sure you’ve noticed those grungy Debris Piles around the Wasteland. I never found anything myself, but rumor has it they hide some real treasures. Do some rummaging; even if you find nothing, it’s a reminder that not everything in the Future is wonderful.» → «I’m sure you’ve noticed those grungy Debris Piles around the Wasteland. I never found anything myself, but rumour has it they hide some real treasures. Do some rummaging; even if you find nothing, it’s a reminder that not everything in the Future is wonderful.»
«Here today, gone tomorrow? It depends on who you ask. Put a poster up of the latest and most current boy band--The Suit and Tie Guys. Get their poster, and you will be really cool like them.» → «Here today, gone tomorrow? It depends on who you ask. Put a poster up of the latest and most current boy band—The Suit and Tie Guys. Get their poster, and you will be really cool like them.»
«I am looking for a daring soul who is willing to provide some assistance for an ample reward.  If you are willing, please report to me, {2.String}.» → «I am looking for a daring soul who is willing to provide some assistance for an ample reward. If you are willing, please report to me, {2.String}.»
«{0.SimFirstName} could use a bit of sustenance.  After all, dogs' stomachs can growl too!» → «{0.SimFirstName} could use a bit of sustenance. After all, dogs' stomachs can growl too!»
«{0.SimFirstName} could use a bit of sustenance.  After all, cats' stomachs can growl too!» → «{0.SimFirstName} could use a bit of sustenance. After all, cats' stomachs can growl too!»
«The school newspaper is doing its annual Culture Edition and you’ve been asked to do research for the feature article. Interview a Sim from France to get the scoop on their homeland.  If you complete this, your School Performance is sure to improve.» → «The school newspaper is doing its annual Culture Edition and you’ve been asked to do research for the feature article. Interview a Sim from France to get the scoop on their homeland. If you complete this, your School Performance is sure to improve.»
«Your cat feels the mockery inherent in every swish of that fish's tail.  After eyeing him for so long, your cat is sure that this day will be that fish's last.  Your cat wants to Catch a Fish.» → «Your cat feels the mockery inherent in every swish of that fish's tail. After eyeing him for so long, your cat is sure that this day will be that fish's last. Your cat wants to Catch a Fish.»
«Scrap Organizer» → «Scrap Organiser»
«Goodwin has a good heart, and a compassionate soul. Up until know, he's lived just about his whole life by the book… but he's got something new coming for him. How will he handle this new part of his life?» → «Goodwin has a good heart, and a compassionate soul. Up until now, he's lived just about his whole life by the book… but he's got something new coming for him. How will he handle this new part of his life?»
«Do the neighbors ever feel like an invading horde? Protect your territory by erecting this easy to install Great Wall strength fence, minus the hundreds of years of fighting and hard labor!» → «Do the neighbours ever feel like an invading horde? Protect your territory by erecting this easy to install Great Wall strength fence, minus the hundreds of years of fighting and hard labour!»
«A Widget Wonder has created {0.Number} Widgets.  As a result, all Widgets the Sim makes will be Improved Widgets and will have a bonus value.  Widget creation time is shortened as well.» → «A Widget Wonder has created {0.Number} Widgets. As a result, all Widgets the Sim makes will be Improved Widgets and will have a bonus value. Widget creation time is shortened as well.»
«Would you please stop bugging me?  I don't want to talk right now.» → «Would you please stop bugging me? I don't want to talk right now.»
«The Cloud Ray gives you nothing less than command of the weather (albeit in an extremely localized fashion). It’s easy to operate: just point, shoot, and laugh in the face of nature.» → «The Cloud Ray gives you nothing less than command of the weather (albeit in an extremely localised fashion). It’s easy to operate: just point, shoot, and laugh in the face of nature.»
«Ah, a new desk.  I’ll be able to get so much work done now.» → «Ah, a new desk. I’ll be able to get so much work done now.»
«The Junkyard is where you come to scavenge for Scrap and broken objects!\\n\\nWould you like to learn more about the junkyard?» → «The Scrapyard is where you come to scavenge for Scrap and broken objects!\\n\\nWould you like to learn more about the scrapyard?»
«We are gathered here today to honor the achievements of a very special member of our community. {0.SimFirstName} has repeatedly demonstrated courage, wisdom, integrity, and compassion when serving the citizens of {TownName}. Always willing to help out in an emergency, never too tired to aid a Sim in need, {0.SimFirstName} is a shining example of a hero among heroes in {TownName}. It is with great pride that I award the {1.String} to this fine Sim! Thank you, {0.SimFirstName}! Our town is a better place because of you!» → «We are gathered here today to honour the achievements of a very special member of our community. {0.SimFirstName} has repeatedly demonstrated courage, wisdom, integrity, and compassion when serving the citizens of {TownName}. Always willing to help out in an emergency, never too tired to aid a Sim in need, {0.SimFirstName} is a shining example of a hero among heroes in {TownName}. It is with great pride that I award the {1.String} to this fine Sim! Thank you, {0.SimFirstName}! Our town is a better place because of you!»
«Play Catch with {1.SimFirstName}» → «Throw Ball with {1.SimFirstName}»
«The smell of musty tomes fills the air and {1.SimFirstName} enters the ancient halls.  Somewhere in here is a book that should contain the information everyone seeks.» → «The smell of musty tomes fills the air and {1.SimFirstName} enters the ancient halls. Somewhere in here is a book that should contain the information everyone seeks.»
«{0.SimName} has reached the bottom.  There are bones everywhere...  {0.SimName} is searching amongst the remains...» → «{0.SimName} has reached the bottom. There are bones everywhere... {0.SimName} is searching amongst the remains...»
«{0.SimName} has reached the bottom.  It's a serene orchestra of colors and shapes down here!  {0.SimName} is looking around...» → «{0.SimName} has reached the bottom. It's a serene orchestra of colours and shapes down here! {0.SimName} is looking around...»
«{0.SimName} has found the bottom, but doesn't have much breath left.  {0.SimName} is quickly scanning the area...» → «{0.SimName} has found the bottom, but doesn't have much breath left. {0.SimName} is quickly scanning the area...»
«{0.SimName} has reached the lowest area.  It's really wet down there!  {0.SimName} is scoping the surroundings.» → «{0.SimName} has reached the lowest area. It's really wet down there! {0.SimName} is scoping the surroundings.»
«{0.SimName} has reached the bottom, and can't see in the pitch dark depths!  {0.SimName} is feeling around the area...» → «{0.SimName} has reached the bottom, and can't see in the pitch dark depths! {0.SimName} is feeling around the area...»
«{0.SimName} has reached the bottom.  Everything is covered in a thick layer of algae!  {0.SimName} is searching through the slime...» → «{0.SimName} has reached the bottom. Everything is covered in a thick layer of algae! {0.SimName} is searching through the slime...»
«{0.SimName} has reached the bottom.  It's a spectacular reef of sea life and ruins!  {0.SimName} is searching the area...» → «{0.SimName} has reached the bottom. It's a spectacular reef of sea life and ruins! {0.SimName} is searching the area...»
«The band played {0.SimFirstName}'s favorite song and {1.SimFirstName} asked {MA.him}{FA.her} if {MA.he}{FA.she} wanted to go steady!» → «The band played {0.SimFirstName}'s favourite song and {1.SimFirstName} asked {MA.him}{FA.her} if {MA.he}{FA.she} wanted to go steady!»
«Medical internship is a scary time filled with uncertainty, organs, and many pints of blood. It’s of the utmost importance that you read “Blood is Not Blue” to get you oriented towards a successful internship. You’ll surely earn a boost to your job performance and relationship with your boss.» → «Medical internship is a scary time filled with uncertainty, organs, and many litres of blood. It’s of the utmost importance that you read “Blood is Not Blue” to get you oriented towards a successful internship. You’ll surely earn a boost to your job performance and relationship with your boss.»
«An unspoiled paradise beckons you closer and closer. You almost feel as though you could step into the painting, feel its soft grasses and smell its calming aromas. But there is something else… It feels like every part of this idyllic scene is drawing you into a dark center. It is inescapable! What secrets steal through the trees?» → «An unspoiled paradise beckons you closer and closer. You almost feel as though you could step into the painting, feel its soft grasses and smell its calming aromas. But there is something else… It feels like every part of this idyllic scene is drawing you into a dark centre. It is inescapable! What secrets steal through the trees?»
«"Analyze DNA" at local science facility» → «"Analyse DNA" at local science facility»
«"Inspect Mail" and "Search through Garbage" at {OpTarget}'s Home» → «"Inspect Post" and "Search through Garbage" at {OpTarget}'s Home»
«I frequent the gym, but I never really put any thought into how I look. I heard a rumor, though, that a there might be a new fancy gym opening soon and I need to look my best!» → «I frequent the gym, but I never really put any thought into how I look. I heard a rumour, though, that a there might be a new fancy gym opening soon and I need to look my best!»
«Those rumors about scarecrows suddenly coming to life can’t be true, right? Your Sim wants to see just how close they can get to one of these scarecrows…» → «Those rumours about scarecrows suddenly coming to life can’t be true, right? Your Sim wants to see just how close they can get to one of these scarecrows…»
«{2.SimName} has visited Egypt and will remember it as a land of colorful markets, dangerous snake charmers and mysterious tombs!» → «{2.SimName} has visited Egypt and will remember it as a land of colourful markets, dangerous snake charmers and mysterious tombs!»
«Poltergeists are going batty inside -- something about wanting to be brought back to life. Don't give in to their demands!» → «Poltergeists are going batty inside — something about wanting to be brought back to life. Don't give in to their demands!»
«It would have been most beneficial for The Organization, and yourself, if you had made it to the heist in time. Unfortunately... mostly for you... this was not the case. Perhaps you should be on time in the future?» → «It would have been most beneficial for The Organisation, and yourself, if you had made it to the heist in time. Unfortunately... mostly for you... this was not the case. Perhaps you should be on time in the future?»
«The Coffeehouse circuit isn’t just for folk-rock. Head over to a Coffeehouse, and then serve up some audio espresso. They need you to entertain the audience for at least 3 hours.» → «The Coffeehouse tour isn’t just for folk-rock. Head over to a Coffeehouse, and then serve up some audio espresso. They need you to entertain the audience for at least 3 hours.»
«Great! We now have a house.  Let's return to the tutorial.» → «Great! We now have a house. Let's return to the tutorial.»
«90 Civic Center» → «90 Civic Centre»
«80 Civic Center» → «80 Civic Centre»
«68 Civic Center» → «68 Civic Centre»
«54 Civic Center» → «54 Civic Centre»
«{0.SimFirstName}'s boss is {1.SimName}.  Having a good relationship with your boss never hurts.» → «{0.SimFirstName}'s boss is {1.SimName}. Having a good relationship with your boss never hurts.»
«It's {0.SimFirstName}'s birthday!  Today she embarks on the next stage of Life's great adventure. Why not buy her a birthday cake and throw a party?» → «It's {0.SimFirstName}'s birthday! Today she embarks on the next stage of Life's great adventure. Why not buy her a birthday cake and throw a party?»
«The Boss was entertaining another powerful crime lord and was showing him how powerful he was. He pulled a lever and a trap door opened under {0.SimFirstName} that would've dropped her into a pit of lobsters!  Luckily {0.SimFirstName} was Athletic enough to jump away before falling. The Boss was impressed with {0.SimFirstName}'s skills and gave her a raise.» → «The Boss was entertaining another powerful crime lord and was showing him how powerful he was. He pulled a lever and a trap door opened under {0.SimFirstName} that would've dropped her into a pit of lobsters! Luckily {0.SimFirstName} was Athletic enough to jump away before falling. The Boss was impressed with {0.SimFirstName}'s skills and gave her a raise.»
«{0.SimFirstName} dreamed of a wildly different version of {MA.himself}{FA.herself}, but wakes with just a single altered personality trait.» → «{0.SimFirstName} dreamt of a wildly different version of {MA.himself}{FA.herself}, but wakes with just a single altered personality trait.»
«This piece was completed by Han Shin just weeks before his untimely death. Ironically, friends say he somehow meant it to symbolize eternal life.» → «This piece was completed by Han Shin just weeks before his untimely death. Ironically, friends say he somehow meant it to symbolise eternal life.»
«Centrally located, the Glass Pillar building is a favorite among the fashionable and the trendy. It has some of the cleanest and seldom used kitchens in Bridgeport.» → «Centrally located, the Glass Pillar building is a favourite among the fashionable and the trendy. It has some of the cleanest and seldom used kitchens in Bridgeport.»
«I didn't realize that "exotic drinks" really meant water, ice, and a little bit of food coloring.» → «I didn't realize that "exotic drinks" really meant water, ice, and a little bit of food colouring.»
«Pets like to chat with their friends, too, just like people! Your pet wants to socialize with another animal.» → «Pets like to chat with their friends, too, just like people! Your pet wants to socialise with another animal.»
«Without you, {0.SimFirstName}, the situation at the science facility would not have been resolved in such a timely manner. Thanks to your quick thinking and fast actions the citizens of {TownName} can sleep well at night. I am honored to you award you with the {1.String} in recognition of your achievements.» → «Without you, {0.SimFirstName}, the situation at the science facility would not have been resolved in such a timely manner. Thanks to your quick thinking and fast actions the citizens of {TownName} can sleep well at night. I am honoured to you award you with the {1.String} in recognition of your achievements.»
«Pauline and Hank are certain that they will be 2-gether 4-ever because they have so much in common:  parties, the beach, and music. The only question is whether they can maintain their lifestyle.» → «Pauline and Hank are certain that they will be 2-gether 4-ever because they have so much in common: parties, the beach, and music. The only question is whether they can maintain their lifestyle.»
«When I vacation I just want things to be easy -- no running around for a while. This place gives you EVERYTHING you need in one spot. Make sure you hit their food stand for some truly excellent eating!» → «When I vacation I just want things to be easy — no running around for a while. This place gives you EVERYTHING you need in one spot. Make sure you hit their food stand for some truly excellent eating!»
«ALMOST MISSED THIS!! We ignored the little food stand the first couple days -- wound up trying it when other plans fell through -- SO GOOD!! Can't believe we almost missed out!» → «ALMOST MISSED THIS!! We ignored the little food stand the first couple days — wound up trying it when other plans fell through — SO GOOD!! Can't believe we almost missed out!»
«A modest house in the suburbs of Bridgeport can bring a Sim happiness.  This one features an obstructed view from the upstairs bedroom of houses that have unobstructed views.» → «A modest house in the suburbs of Bridgeport can bring a Sim happiness. This one features an obstructed view from the upstairs bedroom of houses that have unobstructed views.»
«DeLong» → «Teräväinen»
«Setting Custom Color» → «Setting Custom Colour»
«{0.SimFirstName} is running low on magic power!  Holding back on the spells for a while should help {MA.him}{FA.her} restore a bit.» → «{0.SimFirstName} is running low on magic power! Holding back on the spells for a while should help {MA.him}{FA.her} restore a bit.»
«Ancient dust drifts out of the newly opened door.  Truly no one has ever been here before.  Now {1.SimFirstName} merely has to find this special Relic for merchant.» → «Ancient dust drifts out of the newly opened door. Truly no one has ever been here before. Now {1.SimFirstName} merely has to find this special Relic for merchant.»
«JRA International Equestrian Center» → «JRA International Equestrian Centre»
«Prepare Favorite Meal» → «Prepare Favourite Meal»
«Poltergeists are maliciously haunting this place -- the furniture is going bonkers! Follow the commotion and catch the rogue spirits!» → «Poltergeists are maliciously haunting this place — the furniture is going bonkers! Follow the commotion and catch the rogue spirits!»
«{2.SimName} has just won a Beginner Cross-country competition. {MA.He}{FA.She}'ll always remember the feeling of accomplishment as {MA.he}{FA.she} crossed the finish line and was awarded Simoleons and a trophy.» → «{2.SimName} has just won a Beginner Cross-country competition. {MA.He}{FA.She}'ll always remember the feeling of accomplishment as {MA.he}{FA.she} crossed the finish line and was awarded Simoleons and a trophy.»
«Survival is all about making use of what you already have. Although, prioritizing what you need is another issue.» → «Survival is all about making use of what you already have. Although, prioritising what you need is another issue.»
«Overlook Point Subway» → «Overlook Point Tube Spot»
«This “Elroy” hovertruck has been thoroughly loved in its lifetime, but the fan belts and roto-transmission are brand new. Pick up some serious hauling power at a great price!» → «This “Elroy” hovervan has been thoroughly loved in its lifetime, but the fan belts and roto-transmission are brand new. Pick up some serious hauling power at a great price!»
«The colors of earth and sky, those who fly can safely pass by.» → «The colours of earth and sky, those who fly can safely pass by.»
«Only one path can be trodden unscathed.  Follow the word of Horus to safely pass. For the first step, listen to his words: "While fire burns all that it touches, the color of warmth will lead to safety."» → «Only one path can be trodden unscathed. Follow the word of Horus to safely pass. For the first step, listen to his words: "While fire burns all that it touches, the colour of warmth will lead to safety."»
«I want to give my toddler the whimsical room I never had as a child. Please use fun colors, whacky patterns, and be imaginative where possible.» → «I want to give my toddler the whimsical room I never had as a child. Please use fun colours, whacky patterns, and be imaginative where possible.»
«What better way to declare your undying love for your favorite corporation than an attention grabbing neon sign? No longer content to simply buy their products, you’ve skyrocketed past the apparel wearing phase and you’re ready for the big time. Hang that neon sign with pride and let your allegiance be known!» → «What better way to declare your undying love for your favourite corporation than an attention grabbing neon sign? No longer content to simply buy their products, you’ve skyrocketed past the apparel wearing phase and you’re ready for the big time. Hang that neon sign with pride and let your allegiance be known!»
«What could be more comfortable than a baby’s cradle you ask? How about the cradle of all civilization, just to start? After naming it this, the couch’s designers went back and completely reengineered it to be the most comfortable sofa in the entire world.» → «What could be more comfortable than a baby’s cradle you ask? How about the cradle of all civilisation, just to start? After naming it this, the couch’s designers went back and completely reengineered it to be the most comfortable sofa in the entire world.»
«A parking spot is needed in order to place a motorcycle. Buy a parking space from the catalog first.» → «A parking spot is needed in order to place a motorcycle. Buy a parking space from the catalogue first.»
«Ah, it is as I feared.  But perhaps this will present an opportunity?  Anyway, the documents have been deciphered and it's time to send you into the fire.  Unfortunately for you, that is not a euphemism.  MorcuCorp is interested in a strain of Flame Fruits that grow in the Tomb of the Burning Sands.  I believe they plan to use it to help develop some kind of post-Atomic propulsion drive.  Use this key to enter the tomb and gather some of these Fruits.  It's bound to be hot in there so you might want to bring some Shower In a Can.» → «Ah, it is as I feared. But perhaps this will present an opportunity? Anyway, the documents have been deciphered and it's time to send you into the fire. Unfortunately for you, that is not a euphemism. MorcuCorp is interested in a strain of Flame Fruits that grow in the Tomb of the Burning Sands. I believe they plan to use it to help develop some kind of post-Atomic propulsion drive. Use this key to enter the tomb and gather some of these Fruits. It's bound to be hot in there so you might want to bring some Shower In a Can.»
«The Science Research Station is crucial to success for any Science & Medicine student. You have a chance at some extra credit by using it to research science!» → «The Science Research Station is crucial to success for any Science & Medicine student. You have a chance at some extra credit by using it to research science!»
«A large sum of Simoleons have been donated due to your successful Charity Game.» → «A large sum of Simoleons have been donated due to your successful Charity Match.»
«Cheesesteak» → «Philly Cheesesteak»
«Color Commentary» → «Analyst Commentary»
«With my last ounces of strength I am recording my final story.  I and some of my men were ordered by Admiral Landgraab I to come here and locate the treasure of Jean Necteaux.  We never found any evidence that Jean was burried here.  It must have all been lies!  We were tricked into this room by the cursed James Vaughan who sealed us in.  We are down to our last bit of food, I fear the worst for us...» → «With my last bits of strength I am recording my final story. I and some of my men were ordered by Admiral Landgraab I to come here and locate the treasure of Jean Necteaux. We never found any evidence that Jean was buried here. It must have all been lies! We were tricked into this room by the cursed James Vaughan who sealed us in. We are down to our last bit of food, I fear the worst for us...»
«Ask To Join: Soccer» → «Ask To Join: Football»
«Wanting the never ending zombie experience, {0.SimName} used Potent Zombification and now has an indefinite craving for braaaaiiiiinnnnnnssss…  braaaaaaiiiiinnnnnsssss!!!!!!» → «Wanting the never ending zombie experience, {0.SimName} used Potent Zombification and now has an indefinite craving for braaaaiiiiinnnnnnssss… braaaaaaiiiiinnnnnsssss!!!!!!»
«Analyze a total of {0.Number} Plants, Fish, Insects, and Rocks to reduce the cool down time on Correlating Scientific Data.» → «Analyse a total of {0.Number} Plants, Fish, Insects, and Rocks to reduce the cool down time on Correlating Scientific Data.»
«Diner» → «Eatery»
«The military caught wind of your plan before everything could fall into place, but all is not lost! Well, it is today, but your time shall come again! The Organization has deemed it fitting to reward you with a cash bonus for effort, and your accomplices still love you for your daring.» → «The military caught wind of your plan before everything could fall into place, but all is not lost! Well, it is today, but your time shall come again! The Organisation has deemed it fitting to reward you with a cash bonus for effort, and your accomplices still love you for your daring.»
«Thin Ceiling Molding - Left Corner» → «Thin Ceiling Moulding - Left Corner»
«Thin Ceiling Molding - Right Corner» → «Thin Ceiling Moulding - Right Corner»
«The chef is very, very impressed with the produce you delivered! You are now able to plant eggs and cheese to turn into Eggplants and Cheeseplants. The delicious and frightening possibilities are endless! Come back for a new challenge when you’re a level 9 Gardener!» → «The chef is very, very impressed with the produce you delivered! You are now able to plant eggs and cheese to turn into Aubergines and Cheeseplants. The delicious and frightening possibilities are endless! Come back for a new challenge when you’re a level 9 Gardener!»
«A Virtuoso Extraordinaire distinguishes themselves at the highest levels of painting, music, and cuisine. Only the one who can master all three will be immortalized for future generations.\n\n(Match the record and beat one category to earn this title.)» → «A Virtuoso Extraordinaire distinguishes themselves at the highest levels of painting, music, and cuisine. Only the one who can master all three will be immortalised for future generations.\n\n(Match the record and beat one category to earn this title.)»
«A Professional Writer knows that writing and selling books brings home the bacon.  There’s no time for writer’s block or procrastination when a new breakthrough novel could mean the next big promotion.» → «A Professional Writer knows that writing and selling books brings home the bacon. There’s no time for writer’s block or procrastination when a new breakthrough novel could mean the next big promotion.»
«{1.SimFirstName} has picked up a tome describing three powerful sacred relics that exist in Egypt.  This is most likely the novel that {2.String} seeks.  It would be best to deliver it.» → «{1.SimFirstName} has picked up a tome describing three powerful sacred relics that exist in Egypt. This is most likely the novel that {2.String} seeks. It would be best to deliver it.»
«High School Student» → «Secondary School Student»
«{0.SimFirstName} managed to convince the paparazzi that he didn't really mean what he said. He was "just repeating a comment he heard from somewhere else."  Nice Save!» → «{0.SimFirstName} managed to convince the paparazzi that he didn't really mean what he said. He was "just repeating a comment he heard from somewhere else." Nice Save!»
«Sculptors can earn quite a bit of money by selling their creations at the local consignment store in town.» → «Sculptors can earn quite a bit of money by selling their creations at the local thrift shop in town.»
«Sculpt using several different types of media, including clay, wood, stone, and more.  New media unlock with higher skill, and vary in cost and sculpting time.» → «Sculpt using several different types of media, including clay, wood, stone, and more. New media unlock with higher skill, and vary in cost and sculpting time.»
«To work with metal, your Sim will need to collect Scrap.  The junkyard is a great place to find Scrap!  If you build up enough inventing skill, you can also Detonate objects for Scrap.» → «To work with metal, your Sim will need to collect Scrap. The scrapyard is a great place to find Scrap! If you build up enough inventing skill, you can also Detonate objects for Scrap.»
«Sims can learn the sculpting skill by practicing on a sculpting station.  Purchase one from the Buy Mode catalog!» → «Sims can learn the sculpting skill by practicing on a sculpting station. Purchase one from the Buy Mode catalogue!»
«Rocks! From Space! Who could possibly chart their incredible journey to this world? Your Sim could, if they analyze enough rocks.» → «Rocks! From Space! Who could possibly chart their incredible journey to this world? Your Sim could, if they analyse enough rocks.»
«It's a proud moment when your child graduates from school. It's almost like the honor is being bestowed on yourself!» → «It's a proud moment when your child graduates from school. It's almost like the honour is being bestowed on yourself!»
«(From Theatre)» → «(From Cinema)»
«Romantic fireside rendezvous and bustlingly warm conversations now come standard with the Sweet Heat Home Warmer! Enjoy this sleek, new, polished facade that will cement the bond between you and your loved ones. Romanco - Warming homes and hearts for generations.» → «Romantic fireside rendezvous and bustlingly warm conversations now come standard with the Sweet Heat Home Warmer! Enjoy this sleek, new, polished façade that will cement the bond between you and your loved ones. Romanco - Warming homes and hearts for generations.»
«The Minor Leagues are calling, so pack your lucky socks and “never washed” shorts, and head to the playing field. It’s important to keep your teammates’ feelings in mind. Remember, there’s no “I” in “team”.» → «The lower divisions are calling, so pack your lucky socks and “never washed” shorts, and head to the playing field. It’s important to keep your teammates’ feelings in mind. Remember, there’s no “I” in “team”.»
«Peanuts! Popcorn! Hot meats! Hopefully your vocal chords can endure a bit of shouting, because as the Snack Hawker, you’ll be circumventing the stadium to peddle your delicious, often salty, and never healthy consumables daily.» → «Chippies! Chocolate! Hot meats! Hopefully your vocal chords can endure a bit of shouting, because as the Snack Hawker, you’ll be circumventing the stadium to peddle your delicious, often salty, and never healthy consumables daily.»
«No longer content with a single sport, you’ve expanded your resume to include as many as your busy schedule allows. Few sports stars’ careers compare to yours, but then again, they aren’t Superstars. However, more games means more chances to lose, so don’t let the fame get in the way of your practice time.» → «No longer content with a single sport, you’ve expanded your CV to include as many as your busy schedule allows. Few sports stars’ careers compare to yours, but then again, they aren’t Superstars. However, more matches means more chances to lose, so don’t let the fame get in the way of your practice time.»
«That was the last hurdle!  {OpTargetFirstName} can now begin this potentially revolutionary clinical study -- all thanks to {OpOwner}!  Everyone is happy with the news and {OpTargetFirstName} has even rewarded {OpOwner} with a cash reward for the assistance.» → «That was the last hurdle! {OpTargetFirstName} can now begin this potentially revolutionary clinical study — all thanks to {OpOwner}! Everyone is happy with the news and {OpTargetFirstName} has even rewarded {OpOwner} with a cash reward for the assistance.»
«“Play Game” at the stadium before time runs out to earn a job performance increase.» → «“Play Match” at the stadium before time runs out to earn a job performance increase.»
«Hat Colors and Materials» → «Hat Colours and Materials»
«I was able to convince {OpSource} to hand over the wallet. {OpSourceFirstName} claimed to have found it on the ground. As usual, I heard the defense "I was going to return it!" Right. I should return the wallet to {OpTarget}.» → «I was able to convince {OpSource} to hand over the wallet. {OpSourceFirstName} claimed to have found it on the ground. As usual, I heard the defence "I was going to return it!" Right. I should return the wallet to {OpTarget}.»
«Declare “en garde!" to your neighbors with the Hilt and Foil Fence. Its reinforced ricasso helps protect the tang between each post and rail, enabling it to thrust and parry its way around your yard with relative ease.» → «Declare “en garde!" to your neighbours with the Hilt and Foil Fence. Its reinforced ricasso helps protect the tang between each post and rail, enabling it to thrust and parry its way around your yard with relative ease.»
«It is unknown when the worshipping of the Dark Emperor began or ended.  This small statue is a pale example of the ancient terrors Sims in the past had to face down on an everyday basis.» → «It is unknown when the worshipping of the Dark Emperor began or ended. This small statue is a pale example of the ancient terrors Sims in the past had to face down on an everyday basis.»
«Gnawing hunger couldn't possibly be healthy for a relationship with your cat.  Feed {0.SimFirstName} before {MA.he}{FA.she} starts to dislike {MA.his}{FA.her} owners.» → «Gnawing hunger couldn't possibly be healthy for a relationship with your cat. Feed {0.SimFirstName} before {MA.he}{FA.she} starts to dislike {MA.his}{FA.her} owners.»
«Gnawing hunger couldn't possibly be healthy for a relationship with your dog.  Feed {0.SimFirstName} before {MA.he}{FA.she} starts to dislike {MA.his}{FA.her} owners.» → «Gnawing hunger couldn't possibly be healthy for a relationship with your dog. Feed {0.SimFirstName} before {MA.he}{FA.she} starts to dislike {MA.his}{FA.her} owners.»
«As a Rock Star, you support yourself! Throw concerts at the theater and stadium to make big bucks.» → «As a Rock Star, you support yourself! Throw concerts at the cinema and stadium to make big bucks.»
«Licorice» → «Liquorice»
«Get the entire La Ninjas del Toro collection. La Ninjas del Toro really know how to shake it up. It's almost impossible not to tap your foot as you listen to these women's wonderful music. Grab this set including posters, a painting, and program while you can.» → «Get the entire La Ninjas del Toro collection. La Ninjas del Toro really know how to shake it up. It's almost impossible not to tap your foot as you listen to these women's wonderful music. Grab this set including posters, a painting, and program while you can.»
«Molding Young Minds» → «Moulding Young Minds»
«Analyze Harvestable» → «Analyse Harvestable»
«Enter an Advanced Racing Competition» → «Enter an Advanced Racing Competition»
«Nothing tells the world that you’re not messing around like putting studs on something. Who knows why those little metal dots hold such power? It’s a mystery to even the smartest of Sims. Make a studly statement with the U-Stud Armoire – perfect for storing all your extra studs. Holds up to 500 pounds!» → «Nothing tells the world that you’re not messing around like putting studs on something. Who knows why those little metal dots hold such power? It’s a mystery to even the smartest of Sims. Make a studly statement with the U-Stud Armoire – perfect for storing all your extra studs. Holds up to 200 kilograms!»
«The mayor’s office is promoting a new initiative to improve grades and school performance to appeal to families thinking about moving to town. The mayor guarantees a cash reward to every student that makes it onto the honor roll. That reward can be yours if you can maintain good grades!» → «The mayor’s office is promoting a new initiative to improve grades and school performance to appeal to families thinking about moving to town. The mayor guarantees a cash reward to every student that makes it onto the honour roll. That reward can be yours if you can maintain good grades!»
«Eye Color Presets» → «Eye Colour Presets»
«Whatever it is, this place appears to be abandoned. Nothing but tall stone walls with intricate, yet ancient looking symbols etched in. There is power to the big, brass lights and the faint growl of a steam engine can be heard in the distance.  An observation deck overseeing the room that {0.SimName} occupies is up above, though it appears empty.» → «Whatever it is, this place appears to be abandoned. Nothing but tall stone walls with intricate, yet ancient looking symbols etched in. There is power to the big, brass lights and the faint growl of a steam engine can be heard in the distance. An observation deck overseeing the room that {0.SimName} occupies is up above, though it appears empty.»
«The cruel taskmaster that is the treadmill is beckoning your Sim. The best cardio workout money can buy is available for purchase in the Buy Catalog.» → «The cruel taskmaster that is the treadmill is beckoning your Sim. The best cardio workout money can buy is available for purchase in the Buy Catalogue.»
«Made as a clever companion for the B-Shelf, FormFunk once again displays their sense of humor mixed with rigor. Utility remains front and center in this delightful nod to mid-century cynicism and desire.» → «Made as a clever companion for the B-Shelf, FormFunk once again displays their sense of humor mixed with rigor. Utility remains front and centre in this delightful nod to mid-century cynicism and desire.»
«Humble materials. Color-impregnated Plexiglas. Simple repeated forms. This is the vocabulary of the design collective known simply as "FormFunk." This rhythmic and rigorous book display was featured in this year's "Objects of Desire" exhibition.» → «Humble materials. Colour-impregnated Plexiglas. Simple repeated forms. This is the vocabulary of the design collective known simply as "FormFunk." This rhythmic and rigorous book display was featured in this year's "Objects of Desire" exhibition.»
«Bjorkman» → «Björkman»
«Those who sacrifice liberty for security deserve the Freedom Fence. Standing at exactly 1776mm tall, or close to it, this patriotic enclosure reminds your neighbors that they can take your yard, but they can never take your Freedom Fence!» → «Those who sacrifice liberty for security deserve the Freedom Fence. Standing at exactly 1776mm tall, or close to it, this patriotic enclosure reminds your neighbours that they can take your yard, but they can never take your Freedom Fence!»
«We are gathered here today to honor a very talented member of our community. {0.SimFirstName} is the most brilliant inventor to ever detonate within the city limits of {TownName}. Both talented and prolific, {0.SimFirstName} has touched the lives of countless citizens through quirky widgets and powerful inventions. With the greatest of joy and pride I present the {1.String} to {0.SimFirstName}. Thank you for your tireless efforts to improve {TownName} through Inventing! Three cheers for {0.SimFirstName}!» → «We are gathered here today to honour a very talented member of our community. {0.SimFirstName} is the most brilliant inventor to ever detonate within the city limits of {TownName}. Both talented and prolific, {0.SimFirstName} has touched the lives of countless citizens through quirky widgets and powerful inventions. With the greatest of joy and pride I present the {1.String} to {0.SimFirstName}. Thank you for your tireless efforts to improve {TownName} through Inventing! Three cheers for {0.SimFirstName}!»
«The Jar of Potent Friendship confirmed what {0.SimName} already knew:  {MA.he’s}{FA.she’s} already on good terms with {MA.himself}{FA.herself}. {0.SimName} is in a better mood for confirming this.» → «The Jar of Potent Friendship confirmed what {0.SimName} already knew: {MA.he’s}{FA.she’s} already on good terms with {MA.himself}{FA.herself}. {0.SimName} is in a better mood for confirming this.»
«You can't go wrong when you walk around clutching the Llama Cane. This special edition cane walking piece was created to be owned by only a select few. It's an honor for any Sim to carry such a magnificant piece, handcrafted from the finest sustainable materials.» → «You can't go wrong when you walk around clutching the Llama Cane. This special edition cane walking piece was created to be owned by only a select few. It's an honour for any Sim to carry such a magnificant piece, handcrafted from the finest sustainable materials.»
«{0.SimName} needed a change, and a new hair color just wasn’t going to cut it. Thanks to the Personality Adjuster Elixir, {MA.he}{FA.she} discovered a whole new facet of {MA.his}{FA.her} personality!» → «{0.SimName} needed a change, and a new hair colour just wasn’t going to cut it. Thanks to the Personality Adjuster Elixir, {MA.he}{FA.she} discovered a whole new facet of {MA.his}{FA.her} personality!»
«Lightweight and agile, the Jockey is the driving force when it comes to Horseback Riding. To reach actual Jockey status, one must dedicate one’s life to serving and being one with their horse and their various trainers.  The path to becoming a full-fledged Jockey is not an easy task and requires intense training, competing in rigorous competitions, and the will to win.» → «Lightweight and agile, the Jockey is the driving force when it comes to Horseback Riding. To reach actual Jockey status, one must dedicate one’s life to serving and being one with their horse and their various trainers. The path to becoming a full-fledged Jockey is not an easy task and requires intense training, competing in rigorous competitions, and the will to win.»
«A true master of mixological arts knows how to combine different juice flavors with such skill that their creations both tickle the tongues and tranform the minds of their Sim customers. Acing the skill of mixology won't be easy, so your Sim will need to spend hours pouring and flipping at the bar to become a true master. No mixological genius would be complete without their own bar venue to show off their fanciful drink inventions!» → «A true master of mixological arts knows how to combine different juice flavours with such skill that their creations both tickle the tongues and tranform the minds of their Sim customers. Acing the skill of mixology won't be easy, so your Sim will need to spend hours pouring and flipping at the bar to become a true master. No mixological genius would be complete without their own bar venue to show off their fanciful drink inventions!»
«The resort manager's favorite topic was talking about resort ownership.» → «The resort manager's favourite topic was talking about resort ownership.»
«The local geologists at {OpTarget} need some help from the community and are posing a challenge to all neighborhood children. They've identified some especially rare gems and metals that they'd like to study and have started a scavenger hunt to find them. Anyone who shows up with the requested items will collect a generous cash prize!» → «The local geologists at {OpTarget} need some help from the community and are posing a challenge to all neighbourhood children. They've identified some especially rare gems and metals that they'd like to study and have started a scavenger hunt to find them. Anyone who shows up with the requested items will collect a generous cash prize!»
«Tynice» → «Saviàrdo»
«Paint and polish, mix and match, restore, rebuild, demolish…as an Architectural Designer you have demonstrated not only your skills in craftsmanship, but your exquisite taste in textiles, too! In honor of completing {3.Number} jobs successfully the town of {TownName} would like to reward you with the {1.String}. Please stop by City Hall to receive your award.» → «Paint and polish, mix and match, restore, rebuild, demolish…as an Architectural Designer you have demonstrated not only your skills in craftsmanship, but your exquisite taste in textiles, too! In honour of completing {3.Number} jobs successfully the town of {TownName} would like to reward you with the {1.String}. Please stop by City Hall to receive your award.»
«After the neighbors bought a barbeque for their back patio, I just had to show them up. A fancy grill may be a nice addition, but not as nice as the pool I plan on having installed in my yard.» → «After the neighbours bought a barbecue for their back patio, I just had to show them up. A fancy barbecue may be a nice addition, but not as nice as the pool I plan on having installed in my yard.»
«The Soulpeace mineral is rumored to mystically cure many curses and spells a Sim may find themselves under.» → «The Soulpeace mineral is rumoured to mystically cure many curses and spells a Sim may find themselves under.»
«Too much to sort through in the catalog? Make it bigger with the Expand button!» → «Too much to sort through in the catalogue? Make it bigger with the Expand button!»
«Subways are a great way to rapidly traverse the city, but there’s always a chance that you might get mugged!» → «Metros are a great way to rapidly traverse the city, but there’s always a chance that you might get mugged!»
«All ploppables can be rotated, picked up, moved, and deleted. Objects cannot be placed on roads.» → «All ploppables can be rotated, picked up, moved, and deleted. Objects cannot be placed on roads.»
«In Edit Town, go to "World Editor" to find a plethora of rocks, trees, structures, and other assorted items to place around the neighborhood.» → «In Edit Town, go to "World Editor" to find a plethora of rocks, trees, structures, and other assorted items to place around the neighbourhood.»
«You can now add landmarks, trees, and decorations to your Sims' neighborhood to customize it!» → «You can now add landmarks, trees, and decorations to your Sims' neighbourhood to customise it!»
«The ever-evil and mysterious Leader of the criminal organization claims to have a super weapon ready to be activated at the {RabbitHoleName}. Take advantage of the Leader’s poorly timed announcement by getting to the {RabbitHoleName} to deactivate the weapon before it’s too late, and you’ll be paid handsomely.» → «The ever-evil and mysterious Leader of the criminal organisation claims to have a super weapon ready to be activated at the {RabbitHoleName}. Take advantage of the Leader’s poorly timed announcement by getting to the {RabbitHoleName} to deactivate the weapon before it’s too late, and you’ll be paid handsomely.»
«Chinese cuisine at its best. Prepare for the flavors of the East!» → «Chinese cuisine at its best. Prepare for the flavours of the East!»
«Oh dear!  It seems that everything in this town is too expensive. You can go back to choose another household, or edit the town to free up or build something cheaper.» → «Oh dear! It seems that everything in this town is too expensive. You can go back to choose another household, or edit the town to free up or build something cheaper.»
«Buy a Click Clack Cutaway and you're buying a piece of history! For a hundred years, the railroad triumphed as the backbone of the economy, until that highway came along and one by one the trains stopped running. Long after it fell into disrepair, an entrepreneur named Jebediah tore up the tracks and used the pieces to build the wall you see before you today.» → «Buy a Click Clack Cutaway and you're buying a piece of history! For a hundred years, the railway triumphed as the backbone of the economy, until that motorway came along and one by one the trains stopped running. Long after it fell into disrepair, an entrepreneur named Jebediah tore up the tracks and used the pieces to build the wall you see before you today.»
«{0.SimName} has grown enough grapes and made them into Nectar to become a Vine Vizard!  Grapes grown by {0.SimName} will produce a bigger harvest!» → «{0.SimName} has grown enough grapes and made them into Nectar to become a Vine Vizard! Grapes grown by {0.SimName} will produce a bigger harvest!»
«There’s a new ‘Friendly World’ initiative at City Hall to encourage cross-culture understanding. They would like to recognize locals who have established friendships with Sims in other locations. You would have to go to City Hall to prove these relationships are legit.» → «There’s a new ‘Friendly World’ initiative at Civic Centre to encourage cross-culture understanding. They would like to recognise locals who have established friendships with Sims in other locations. You would have to go to Civic Centre to prove these relationships are legit.»
«I'm no sports expert, but that call was awful. I haven't seen a call that bad since that fisherman called that killer shark nothing but a minnow. That was brutal. I should ask around to find out who the ref was.» → «I'm no sports expert, but that referee call was awful. I haven't seen a call that bad since that fisherman called that killer shark nothing but a minnow. That was brutal. I should ask around to find out who the ref was.»
«As a self-employed professional Inventor, spend your nights out gathering Scrap from junk yards and trash cans and your days hunched over your workbench.  Once you've discovered something awesome, don't be ashamed to churn out many more of it to turn a big profit.» → «As a self-employed professional Inventor, spend your nights out gathering Scrap from junk yards and waste bins and your days hunched over your workbench. Once you've discovered something awesome, don't be ashamed to churn out many more of it to turn a big profit.»
«Time Traveler» → «Time Traveller»
«Randomize» → «Randomise»
«All the lack of fun is starting to get to {0.SimFirstName}!  A bit of play time right now will help {MA.him}{FA.her} from getting too stressed.» → «All the lack of fun is starting to get to {0.SimFirstName}! A bit of play time right now will help {MA.him}{FA.her} from getting too stressed.»
«Designed by Taylor Juungal in honor of his late father, Jan Juungal, The Juungal Jungle Gym presents the most stylish apparatus for children's entertainment available. Utilizing space-aged materials, combined with the age-old laws of the jungle building codes, this jungle gym will make monkeys out of young children everywhere.» → «Designed by Taylor Juungal in honour of his late father, Jan Juungal, The Juungal Jungle Gym presents the most stylish apparatus for children's entertainment available. Utilising space-aged materials, combined with the age-old laws of the jungle building codes, this jungle gym will make monkeys out of young children everywhere.»
«You're selling {0.SimFirstName}?  Incredible!  We've already got buyers lined up to get their hands on {MA.him}{FA.her}!» → «You're selling {0.SimFirstName}? Incredible! We've already got buyers lined up to get their hands on {MA.him}{FA.her}!»
«{1.SimName} is perfectly content at the moment. No need to socialize or have fun. In fact, doing anything at all, no matter how mundane, will be absolutely wonderful.» → «{1.SimName} is perfectly content at the moment. No need to socialise or have fun. In fact, doing anything at all, no matter how mundane, will be absolutely wonderful.»
«{0.SimFirstName} has been offered a chance to retire and would receive a daily pension of {1.Money}. Should {0.SimFirstName} retire?  Warning: You can only retire once.» → «{0.SimFirstName} has been offered a chance to retire and would receive a daily pension of {1.Money}. Should {0.SimFirstName} retire? Warning: You can only retire once.»
«The perfect way to recreate a natural habitat for your pet lizard!  The Lizard Terrarium has just enough room for lizards to hang out and soak up some artificial UV rays.» → «The perfect way to recreate a natural habitat for your pet lizard! The Lizard Terrarium has just enough room for lizards to hang out and soak up some artificial UV rays.»
«Hi {0.SimName}!  We just had a baby, {1.SimName}, and we're throwing a party to celebrate. You're invited to the {1.SimLastName} house on {DateAndTime}. Think you can come?» → «Hi {0.SimName}! We just had a baby, {1.SimName}, and we're throwing a party to celebrate. You're invited to the {1.SimLastName} house on {DateAndTime}. Think you can come?»
«You know you've reached the top when you have your very own limo to enjoy. Cruise around town and impress your neighbors; make a real statement of style.» → «You know you've reached the top when you have your very own limo to enjoy. Cruise around town and impress your neighbours; make a real statement of style.»
«The families are proud to announce that {0.SimName} and {1.SimName} were wed yesterday in a ceremony that is said to have taken the best of modern local fashion and blended it with old-time foreign sensibilities. The cost for the wedding, though not disclosed, is rumored to reside in the six figures range.» → «The families are proud to announce that {0.SimName} and {1.SimName} were wed yesterday in a ceremony that is said to have taken the best of modern local fashion and blended it with old-time foreign sensibilities. The cost for the wedding, though not disclosed, is rumoured to reside in the six figures range.»
«Synthesized Drink» → «Synthesised Drink»
«Sims earn weekly royalty checks in the mail when they complete a novel. The size of the check is determined by the quality of the book. Sims with a higher Writing Skill and experience in certain genres will earn a lot of money from their hobby!» → «Sims earn weekly royalty checks in the post when they complete a novel. The size of the check is determined by the quality of the book. Sims with a higher Writing Skill and experience in certain genres will earn a lot of money from their hobby!»
«Sims can learn to write a wide variety of novel genres as they improve their Writing Skill. Humor, Science Fiction, and Trashy are just three of the genres!» → «Sims can learn to write a wide variety of novel genres as they improve their Writing Skill. Humour, Science Fiction, and Trashy are just three of the genres!»
«Since they earned fantastic grades throughout elementary and middle school I would like to treat my teen to a brand new bedroom this year for their birthday! It will be a great new start to high school and to their teenage years.» → «Since they earned fantastic grades throughout primary school I would like to treat my teen to a brand new bedroom this year for their birthday! It will be a great new start to secondary school and to their teenage years.»
«Whatever the feel at the celebration was, the Editor feels you captured it. It’s just another accomplishment to add to your resume. Enjoy the raise and a job performance increase – you’ve earned them.» → «Whatever the feel at the celebration was, the Editor feels you captured it. It’s just another accomplishment to add to your CV. Enjoy the raise and a job performance increase – you’ve earned them.»
«This elegant Victorian mansion is a sizable, romantic house... for when romance has led to a houseful of kids!  Grand master bedroom includes a reading nook and fireplace.» → «This elegant Victorian mansion is a sizable, romantic house... for when romance has led to a houseful of kids! Grand master bedroom includes a reading nook and fireplace.»
«This Nectar blend is great!  What do you want to name it?» → «This Nectar blend is great! What do you want to name it?»
«Daycare caretakers will have the voice of reason to toddlers and children. Kids will be less likely to disobey and be easier to keep happy.» → «Nursery caretakers will have the voice of reason to toddlers and children. Kids will be less likely to disobey and be easier to keep happy.»
«In ancient times, wishing for beauty would just bring you trouble--usually in the form of an angry and jealous goddess trying to ruin you. These days, though, wishing for beauty will just make you beautiful.» → «In ancient times, wishing for beauty would just bring you trouble—usually in the form of an angry and jealous goddess trying to ruin you. These days, though, wishing for beauty will just make you beautiful.»
«Selfish, self-centered, and self-indulgent. Why don't you just spend the evening with yourself then!» → «Selfish, self-centred, and self-indulgent. Why don't you just spend the evening with yourself then!»
«A sensuously curved base supports this high-quality pool table, with glowing buffers to complete the visual spectacle. Features new Zero Drag Felt, turning every shot into a true physics puzzle!» → «A sensuously curved base supports this high-quality snooker table, with glowing buffers to complete the visual spectacle. Features new Zero Drag Felt, turning every shot into a true physics puzzle!»
«This trophy is a symbol of your staggering achievements. Sims are happier, and your neighborhood is a better place because of you.» → «This trophy is a symbol of your staggering achievements. Sims are happier, and your neighbourhood is a better place because of you.»
«Be the most popular horse in town.  Wild horses are often attracted to your home lot.» → «Be the most popular horse in town. Wild horses are often attracted to your home lot.»
«Sigil of James Vaughan's Command Center» → «Sigil of James Vaughan's Command Centre»
«The slippery elm is a favorite of the Mayor of Sunset Valley, who is also rumored to enjoy eating slippery eels. Fortunately for the trees, they make for poor sushi.» → «The slippery elm is a favorite of the Mayor of Sunset Valley, who is also rumoured to enjoy eating slippery eels. Fortunately for the trees, they make for poor sushi.»
«Buy Something from the Consignment Store» → «Buy Something from the Thrift Shop»
«Built for a Sim on a budget with a discerning eye, this cozy home has everything you need. It has an extra generous sized room that can double as a bedroom, office, or whatever! And no more having to eat out all the time thanks to a kitchen that’ll get the job done with ease. Should your Sim outgrow this house, no worries. There’s plenty of room for expansion!» → «Built for a Sim on a budget with a discerning eye, this cosy home has everything you need. It has an extra generous sized room that can double as a bedroom, office, or whatever! And no more having to eat out all the time thanks to a kitchen that’ll get the job done with ease. Should your Sim outgrow this house, no worries. There’s plenty of room for expansion!»
«{0.SimFirstName}'s claws are "purrfect"!  Preferably, they didn't get that way at the expense of your furniture.» → «{0.SimFirstName}'s claws are "purrfect"! Preferably, they didn't get that way at the expense of your furniture.»
«The neighbor began cackling like a hyena who has had too much laughing gas at the dentist. It appears the real suspect is {OpSource}. Every night {OpSource} sleep walks and kicks a garden gnome. I should research sleep walking a little bit at the local hospital to see if the facts line up.» → «The neighbour began cackling like a hyena who has had too much laughing gas at the dentist. It appears the real suspect is {OpSource}. Every night {OpSource} sleep walks and kicks a garden gnome. I should research sleep walking a little bit at the local hospital to see if the facts line up.»
«Not all the French locals agreed with your policies, but the visit improved your credibility ratings in Champs Les Sims.  The cabinet voted to raise your salary.» → «Not all the French locals agreed with your policies, but the visit improved your credibility ratings in Champs Les Sims. The cabinet voted to raise your salary.»
«A Favorite Meal» → «A Favourite Meal»
«Honors Scholarship» → «Honours Scholarship»
«{0.SimFirstName} has just won a Sims' Choice Award. Go to the nearest theater to pick it up.» → «{0.SimFirstName} has just won a Sims' Choice Award. Go to the nearest cinema to pick it up.»
«Pool tables offer a multitude of education opportunities, and if you are good enough can be used leverage a financial opportunity as well! Win some games and make some Simoleons.» → «Snooker tables offer a multitude of education opportunities, and if you are good enough can be used leverage a financial opportunity as well! Win some games and make some Simoleons.»
«Ah yes, {0.SimFirstName}, your name is spoken often when the Police Chief is briefing me on emergency situations! Normally it’s not a good thing to be linked to emergencies, but in your case it is all positive press. We here at City Hall are grateful for your level head in times of disaster. I am honored to present you with the {1.String} in recognition of your deeds.» → «Ah yes, {0.SimFirstName}, your name is spoken often when the Police Chief is briefing me on emergency situations! Normally it’s not a good thing to be linked to emergencies, but in your case it is all positive press. We here at City Hall are grateful for your level head in times of disaster. I am honoured to present you with the {1.String} in recognition of your deeds.»
«The military has long explored tactical games as a training method.  They would like to send you to Egypt to learn the game of Senet from a local and report back on its potential as a training tool. You will earn some cash if you undertake the trip.» → «The military has long explored tactical games as a training method. They would like to send you to Egypt to learn the game of Senet from a local and report back on its potential as a training tool. You will earn some cash if you undertake the trip.»
«Team morale is at an all time low and management is about to break into tears over half the team being on the disabled list. The next game needs to be a victory or else it could mean bad things for the health of the team. Win and you’ll earn the respect of your boss and the team. Plus, you’ll receive a nice job performance boost.» → «Team morale is at an all time low and management is about to break into tears over half the team being on the injury list. The next match needs to be a victory or else it could mean bad things for the health of the team. Win and you’ll earn the respect of your boss and the team. Plus, you’ll receive a nice job performance boost.»
«Favorite food discovered!» → «Favourite food discovered!»
«Find a bottle of Nectar at least Great quality and “Deliver Nectar” to {2.SimName} to receive Ancient Coins.» → «Find a bottle of Nectar of at least Great quality and “Deliver Nectar” to {2.SimName} to receive Ancient Coins.»
«Tested at the EA North American Test Center, a facility developed with\nthe assistance of the Louisiana Economic Development’s Office\nof Entertainment Industry Development.» → «Tested at the EA North American Test Centre, a facility developed with\nthe assistance of the Louisiana Economic Development’s Office\nof Entertainment Industry Development.»
«Awww ... aren't puppies adorable?» → «Awww ... aren't puppies adorable?»
«{1.SimFirstName} has made a new friend.  Time to report back to {16.SimName} and pick up that reward.» → «{1.SimFirstName} has made a new friend. Time to report back to {16.SimName} and pick up that reward.»
«See Child Get on Honor Roll» → «See Child Get on Honour Roll»
«With neoclassical proportions and a well designed floor plan, this house is rarely available to the first time homeowner.  Although it’s probably what many of us envision for a starter home, only the rare buyer can afford this much charm once in a blue moon.» → «With neoclassical proportions and a well designed floor plan, this house is rarely available to the first time homeowner. Although it’s probably what many of us envision for a starter home, only the rare buyer can afford this much charm once in a blue moon.»
«“I seek flavor of the highest caliber. Those bright enough to know what I’m talking about know exactly what I mean – high quality Nectar! Bring me a bottle of Nectar that’s of Great quality or better and I’ll pay you some Simoleons.”» → «“I seek flavour of the highest calibre. Those bright enough to know what I’m talking about know exactly what I mean – high quality Nectar! Bring me a bottle of Nectar that’s of Great quality or better and I’ll pay you some Simoleons.”»
«Footballs» → «American footballs»
«Local athlete {OpTarget} is bitter about a call during a recent game. {OpTargetFirstName} wants to hire me to right this wrong. I should check in with the client to see how I can help.» → «Local athlete {OpTarget} is bitter about a call during a recent match. {OpTargetFirstName} wants to hire me to right this wrong. I should check in with the client to see how I can help.»
«A natural leaf formation from the lushest rainforest realized in metal and fabric. Give your home the look and feel of nature without the fuss of dirt and water.» → «A natural leaf formation from the lushest rainforest realised in metal and fabric. Give your home the look and feel of nature without the fuss of dirt and water.»
«Valerie» → «Valérie»
«» → «»
«A Master Planter must plant {0.Number} types of plant that can be planted in the game.  Once you have mastered the varieties you will be able to reduce weed growth significantly on future plants.» → «A Master Planter must plant {0.Number} types of plant that can be planted in the game. Once you have mastered the varieties you will be able to reduce weed growth significantly on future plants.»
«{0.SimName} has sculpted a {1.String} in {2.String}.  It is worth {3.Money}.  You can move or sell it in buy mode.» → «{0.SimName} has sculpted a {1.String} in {2.String}. It is worth {3.Money}. You can move or sell it in buy mode.»
«{0.SimFirstName} is an Equestrian, which means {MA.he}{FA.she}  is great with horses and can gain Riding Skill quickly. As a bonus, horses also gain Racing and Jumping skill at an accelerated rate if their Sim is an Equestrian. (Hover over any trait in the Simology panel to see more benefits.)» → «{0.SimFirstName} is an Equestrian, which means {MA.he}{FA.she} is great with horses and can gain Riding Skill quickly. As a bonus, horses also gain Racing and Jumping skill at an accelerated rate if their Sim is an Equestrian. (Hover over any trait in the Simology panel to see more benefits.)»
«Champion Racehorses have won more than {0.Number} Advanced or International Racing Competitions at the Equestrian Center. Their racing fame makes them and their offspring far more valuable to horse buyers and breeders.» → «Champion Racehorses have won more than {0.Number} Advanced or International Racing Competitions at the Equestrian Centre. Their racing fame makes them and their offspring far more valuable to horse buyers and breeders.»
«Enjoying the performance by a favorite band is a night that leaves the ears ringing!» → «Enjoying the performance by a favourite band is a night that leaves the ears ringing!»
«The way out lies through this door.  Beware, for once one passes through this door, there is no going back.» → «The way out lies through this door. Beware, for once one passes through this door, there is no going back.»
«White flowers symbolize purity, innocence, and never taking any risks. And there is no safer choice than a Wallflowers Planter. Three tiers of flowers provides coverage of a larger vertical area, and minimizes any one flower from standing out from the bunch.» → «White flowers symbolise purity, innocence, and never taking any risks. And there is no safer choice than a Wallflowers Planter. Three tiers of flowers provides coverage of a larger vertical area, and minimises any one flower from standing out from the bunch.»
«Uber» → «Über»
«{1.SimFirstName} has earned enough tips.  The newshounds should've gotten enough secret photos by now.  Time to head back to work.» → «{1.SimFirstName} has earned enough tips. The newshounds should've gotten enough secret photos by now. Time to head back to work.»
«Only naturally growing inside of old gum trees, the Ranch Flower is a rare sight to be seen! Arranged tastefully to symbolize its natural habitat, this flower will surely impress any guests you have in your house.» → «Only naturally growing inside of old gum trees, the Ranch Flower is a rare sight to be seen! Arranged tastefully to symbolise its natural habitat, this flower will surely impress any guests you have in your house.»
«Few can write humor quite like {0.SimFirstName}, who just finished {2.String}. Its {1.Number} pages just might satisfy those seeking the funny side of life.» → «Few can write humour quite like {0.SimFirstName}, who just finished {2.String}. Its {1.Number} pages just might satisfy those seeking the funny side of life.»
«{0.SimFirstName}'s side-splitting humor novel, {2.String} is finished and ready for public consumption. Parts of the book are genuinely hilarious, much like a few pages found in {3.String}.» → «{0.SimFirstName}'s side-splitting humour novel, {2.String} is finished and ready for public consumption. Parts of the book are genuinely hilarious, much like a few pages found in {3.String}.»
«How lame! You got rid of the laptop! Your neighbors won’t be able to trust you with their things. You’ll need to pay for that...» → «How lame! You got rid of the laptop! Your neighbours won’t be able to trust you with their things. You’ll need to pay for that...»
«If you have a particularly difficult roommate that you just can’t live with, click on that Sim and choose “Dismiss Roommate” to kick them from the dorm! If you’d like to go through official channels, the Administration Center also takes requests to have roommates reassigned.» → «If you have a particularly difficult roommate that you just can’t live with, click on that Sim and choose “Dismiss Roommate” to kick them from the dorm! If you’d like to go through official channels, the Administration Centre also takes requests to have roommates reassigned.»
«{0.SimName} just saw a magma jet!  It was glorious!» → «{0.SimName} just saw a magma jet! It was glorious!»
«The latest in Delinquent Restriction Management, this controversial window went through a rise and fall in popularity amongst venue owners looking to protect their establishment while filtering in natural light. Now viewed as an antiquated relic of security, support for the SecuWIN has largely been dropped in favor of even stronger measures.» → «The latest in Delinquent Restriction Management, this controversial window went through a rise and fall in popularity amongst venue owners looking to protect their establishment while filtering in natural light. Now viewed as an antiquated relic of security, support for the SecuWIN has largely been dropped in favour of even stronger measures.»
«The band that's taking the world by storm! The Gypsies provide a solid rhythmic foundation, but it's really Stübbman's hilarious antics that drive this group.» → «The band that's taking the world by storm! The Wharfies provide a solid rhythmic foundation, but it's really Stübbman's hilarious antics that drive this group.»
«Playing a game of Hopscotch is a lot of fun, but winning is even better! Your Sim has dreams of taking a victory lap around the Hopscotch course and wants to Win a Game of Hopscotch.» → «Playing a match of Hopscotch is a lot of fun, but winning is even better! Your Sim has dreams of taking a victory lap around the Hopscotch course and wants to Win a Game of Hopscotch.»
«Great llamas! Oasis Landing turned whimsical and is full of color!» → «Great llamas! Oasis Landing turned whimsical and is full of colour!»
«...a hook hung from the handle of the passenger-side door!» → «...a hook hung from the handle of the passenger-side door!»
«...the young man had apparently died of fright!» → «...the young man had apparently died of fright!»
«That turquoise will keep operations moving along nicely.  Sending you to assist me is the best thing MorcuCorp has done in weeks!  I hope you stick around.  I have some personal concerns about the reputation of MorcuCorp and I believe the local citizenry is growing hostile.  I'd like you to get close to some of the other villagers and see what they think about this corporation.» → «That turquoise will keep operations moving along nicely. Sending you to assist me is the best thing MorcuCorp has done in weeks! I hope you stick around. I have some personal concerns about the reputation of MorcuCorp and I believe the local citizenry is growing hostile. I'd like you to get close to some of the other villagers and see what they think about this corporation.»
«WooHoo in Gypsy Wagon» → «WooHoo in Fortune Wagon»
«Heard Theatre Music» → «Heard Cinema Music»
«Front and back decks put spacious bookends on this bright, airy two-story home. Bay windows and a full garage flesh out the sturdy New England flair.» → «Front and back decks put spacious bookends on this bright, airy two-floor home. Bay windows and a full garage flesh out the sturdy New England flair.»
«Triple-decker roofing overlooks the welcoming front porch. A chimney runs up the side like the spine of a mighty giant! And inside, three stories of spacious luxury await.» → «Triple-decker roofing overlooks the welcoming front porch. A chimney runs up the side like the spine of a mighty giant! And inside, three floors of spacious luxury await.»
«A modest two-story colonial, with front and back porches for entertaining guests. Steep roofs offer a nice style while the enclosed yard shelters Sims of all ages.» → «A modest two-floor colonial, with front and back porches for entertaining guests. Steep roofs offer a nice style while the enclosed yard shelters Sims of all ages.»
«Sumptuous Victorian style garlands this three-story bower. A wealth of rooms provides a plethora of possibilities, illuminated by bright bay windows. Sunrooms are equipped with chimneys for all-weather luxury.» → «Sumptuous Victorian style garlands this three-floor bower. A wealth of rooms provides a plethora of possibilities, illuminated by bright bay windows. Sunrooms are equipped with chimneys for all-weather luxury.»
«Boxy “foursquare” architecture maximizes floor space and keeps Sims comfortable. Three full floors of cozy-yet-private room layout will have you drooling by the time you reach the last staircase.» → «Boxy “foursquare” architecture maximises floor space and keeps Sims comfortable. Three full floors of cosy-yet-private room layout will have you drooling by the time you reach the last staircase.»
«The ultimate aspirational home! Fenced-in yard and full garage flesh out the ample lot; inside, two full stories and an attic offer a tantalizing glimpse at rewards for further riches.» → «The ultimate aspirational home! Fenced-in yard and full garage flesh out the ample lot; inside, two full floors and an attic offer a tantalising glimpse at rewards for further riches.»
«Making the most of every square foot, this three-story family home pushes out into the backyard with a safety fence and still makes room for a stand-alone garage!» → «Making the most of every square foot, this three-floor family home pushes out into the backyard with a safety fence and still makes room for a stand-alone garage!»
«Palatial three-story design gives every level an aerial view of the neighborhood. Bay windows and a spacious back yard lend a sense of grandeur. What’s not to like?» → «Palatial three-floor design gives every level an aerial view of the neighborhood. Bay windows and a spacious back yard lend a sense of grandeur. What’s not to like?»
«Ideal for big families or the lovelorn brides of lost sailors, this three-story house is a cozy dream! Also includes a “widow’s walk” to pace while awaiting your beloved’s return.» → «Ideal for big families or the lovelorn brides of lost sailors, this three-floor house is a cosy dream! Also includes a “widow’s walk” to pace while awaiting your beloved’s return.»
«Steps and a fenced front porch invite Sims to a spacious, family-friendly residence. Efficient, sensible layouts make every floor both a cozy den and a private palace.» → «Steps and a fenced front porch invite Sims to a spacious, family-friendly residence. Efficient, sensible layouts make every floor both a cosy den and a private palace.»
«Multiple chimneys project cozy warmth. A spacious garage space includes convenient top-floor storage. Finally, broad bay windows give the residents ample room to stretch out and enjoy the view.» → «Multiple chimneys project cosy warmth. A spacious garage space includes convenient top-floor storage. Finally, broad bay windows give the residents ample room to stretch out and enjoy the view.»
«Regal columns, bright rooms and modest single-story construction make this home ideal for new families in the suburbs. Spacious lawns and a free-standing garage lend a stately atmosphere.» → «Regal columns, bright rooms and modest single-floor construction make this home ideal for new families in the suburbs. Spacious lawns and a free-standing garage lend a stately atmosphere.»
«Built on a broad foundation, the Lincoln Lodge’s chimney anchors the whole structure. Picture nice days on the covered side deck, or cozy nights around a blazing hearth!» → «Built on a broad foundation, the Lincoln Lodge’s chimney anchors the whole structure. Picture nice days on the covered side deck, or cosy nights around a blazing hearth!»
«Growing families will love this colonial home’s wide-open first floor, along with its plethora of bedrooms. A garage adds storage room while a small yard is cozy and manageable.» → «Growing families will love this colonial home’s wide-open first floor, along with its plethora of bedrooms. A garage adds storage room while a small yard is cosy and manageable.»
«"Conduct Stakeout" outside local diner» → «"Conduct Stakeout" outside local eatery»
«Mute The Sims™ 3 while the game is minimized or an inactive window.» → «Mute The Sims™ 3 while the game is minimised or an inactive window.»
«• Your pet will prefer to socialize with the Sim whom they have the highest relationship with.» → «• Your pet will prefer to socialise with the Sim whom they have the highest relationship with.»
«• Your pet will autonomously socialize with other pets less often.» → «• Your pet will autonomously socialise with other pets less often.»
«My favorite part of Plumbot history is how relationships between humans and Plumbots developed. We started by manipulating their Trait Chips, but eventually the Mood Adjuster Trait Chip let Plumbots affect human emotions! To experience this yourself, Instruct your Bot to give a Body Massage.» → «My favourite part of Plumbot history is how relationships between humans and Plumbots developed. We started by manipulating their Trait Chips, but eventually the Mood Adjuster Trait Chip let Plumbots affect human emotions! To experience this yourself, Instruct your Bot to give a Body Massage.»
«Analyze a Space Rock» → «Analyse a Space Rock»
«You are a Sim of exquisite taste. You understand the value of presentation. So why would you let your windows wear anything but the best? Your curtains are going to color the way that people see into, and out of, your home. So clothe them in The Baron’s Cascade: the first name in curtains.» → «You are a Sim of exquisite taste. You understand the value of presentation. So why would you let your windows wear anything but the best? Your curtains are going to colour the way that people see into, and out of, your home. So clothe them in The Baron’s Cascade: the first name in curtains.»
«VJ is a troubled teen. He blames his dad for his mom leaving. He doesn’t have any aspirations in life and is a horrible student. He spends his time inventing new ways to torment his father.» → «VJ is a troubled teen. He blames his dad for his mum leaving. He doesn’t have any aspirations in life and is a horrible student. He spends his time inventing new ways to torment his dad.»
«“Help Set Up” at the Theatre before time runs out to earn some cash and improve your job performance.» → «“Help Set Up” at the Cinema before time runs out to earn some cash and improve your job performance.»
«Your newborn has just received a special new toy in the mail! \\n\\nDo you want to learn more about this unusual gift?» → «Your newborn has just received a special new toy in the post! \\n\\nDo you want to learn more about this unusual gift?»
«A Sim's home is a sacred place that should be respected by visitors. Your Sim wants to put a stop to the nonsense by asking neighbors to behave while visiting!» → «A Sim's home is a sacred place that should be respected by visitors. Your Sim wants to put a stop to the nonsense by asking neighbours to behave while visiting!»
«• Your Sim is more effective at socializing with Children and Teens.» → «• Your Sim is more effective at socialising with Children and Teens.»
«This must be the {OpOwner} I've been hearing about. I'm {OpTarget} and I've heard quite a bit about you in the art collecting community. I would be honored if you brought me a sample of your work. If it's good, I might be able to turn your talent into fame.» → «This must be the {OpOwner} I've been hearing about. I'm {OpTarget} and I've heard quite a bit about you in the art collecting community. I would be honoured if you brought me a sample of your work. If it's good, I might be able to turn your talent into fame.»
«We are gathered here today to honor {0.SimFirstName}, a true hero among heroes! In recognition of your exemplary deeds as a member of the {TownName} Fire Department I am honored to present you with the {1.String} on behalf of the citizens of {TownName}. You are a true leader in our community and we hope that the tales of your great feats will inspire future generations. Be proud, {0.SimFirstName}, for our community is a better place because of you!» → «We are gathered here today to honour {0.SimFirstName}, a true hero among heroes! In recognition of your exemplary deeds as a member of the {TownName} Fire Department I am honoured to present you with the {1.String} on behalf of the citizens of {TownName}. You are a true leader in our community and we hope that the tales of your great feats will inspire future generations. Be proud, {0.SimFirstName}, for our community is a better place because of you!»
«Martial Artists study Martial Arts for self-defense and self-enrichment. They can improve their skill by training with the training dummy and board breaker objects, or by meditating alone in a quiet place. Martial Artists can Spar with other martial artists by asking them to spar. At a high enough level, Martial Artists may travel to China, where they can set up tournament matches using the telephone.» → «Martial Artists study Martial Arts for self-defence and self-enrichment. They can improve their skill by training with the training dummy and board breaker objects, or by meditating alone in a quiet place. Martial Artists can Spar with other martial artists by asking them to spar. At a high enough level, Martial Artists may travel to China, where they can set up tournament matches using the telephone.»
«Step into the most popular sport in the world and catch the fever. This goal is slightly smaller than regulation size, making it the perfect place to practice your skills or enjoy a quick game with a friend. Experience the thrill of defending your goal as your opponent lines up his shot. Where will the ball go, and can you get there in time? And when it’s your shot to take, can you outsmart the keeper? Find out with this Soccer Goal. Or should we say, Soccer Gooooooooaaaaaaaal!!» → «Step into the most popular sport in the world and catch the fever. This goal is slightly smaller than regulation size, making it the perfect place to practice your skills or enjoy a quick game with a friend. Experience the thrill of defending your goal as your opponent lines up his shot. Where will the ball go, and can you get there in time? And when it’s your shot to take, can you outsmart the keeper? Find out with this Football Goal. Or should we say, Football Gooooooooaaaaaaaal!!»
«{0.SimFirstName} has been expelled from Smuggsworth Prep School! {MA.He}{FA.She} needs to learn how to behave and maybe gets some new clothes.» → «{0.SimFirstName} has been expelled from Smuggsworth Prep School! {MA.He}{FA.She} needs to learn how to behave and maybe get some new clothes.»
«Cleaning the box stall can produce fertilizer that you can use for your garden.» → «Cleaning the box stall can produce fertiliser that you can use for your garden.»
«In Create a Household, to further customize your pets you can select Advance Mode In both shapes and coat sections» → «In Create a Household, to further customise your pets you can select Advance Mode In both shapes and coat sections»
«Running around the house is all well and good, but you're interested in one thing only, and that's to run around in the great outdoors!  You want to go to a Cat Jungle!» → «Running around the house is all well and good, but you're interested in one thing only, and that's to run around in the great outdoors! You want to go to a Cat Jungle!»
«You’ve developed a name on the field, but your boss thinks you can go even further. You’ve been asked to read “Name Positioning: Starting Your Brand” to jump start this transition. When completed, your relationship with your boss and job performance will improve.» → «You’ve developed a name on the pitch, but your boss thinks you can go even further. You’ve been asked to read “Name Positioning: Starting Your Brand” to jump start this transition. When completed, your relationship with your boss and job performance will improve.»
«"When I bring guests into my home, I like to start them off on a rug that has a really alarming color combination - you know, to give them that edgy, uncomfortable feeling straightaway," says rug designer Matthew Mattias.» → «"When I bring guests into my home, I like to start them off on a rug that has a really alarming colour combination - you know, to give them that edgy, uncomfortable feeling straightaway," says rug designer Matthew Mattias.»
«Honored for All Time» → «Honoured for All Time»
«Diner Theatre» → «Eatery Cinema»
«Well, look how charming you’ve become! Your boss already likes you more as a result and your job performance has improved. Looks like you might just become the neighborhood’s most charming individual.» → «Well, look how charming you’ve become! Your boss already likes you more as a result and your job performance has improved. Looks like you might just become the neighbourhood’s most charming individual.»
«You need the latest game update in order to log in.  Open The Sims™ 3 Launcher and select “Game Updates” to download the latest update or continue without logging in.» → «You need the latest game update in order to log in. Open The Sims™ 3 Launcher and select “Game Updates” to download the latest update or continue without logging in.»
«Round Modern Column Two Story» → «Round Modern Column Two-Floor»
«Excellent!  {0.SimFirstName} is now the owner of {1.String} and has full control of the place!  Not only does she not have to share the profits, but she can rename the place, and fire anyone working there she doesn't like!  Perhaps its time to look for another investment too with all these profits.» → «Excellent! {0.SimFirstName} is now the owner of {1.String} and has full control of the place! Not only does she not have to share the profits, but she can rename the place, and fire anyone working there she doesn't like! Perhaps its time to look for another investment too with all these profits.»
«Change Fire Color» → «Change Fire Colour»
«As a tree lover in a family of housing developers, Brandon never fit in as a child. He has dedicated his adult life to traveling the country to protest deforestation. While at a forest fundraiser, he met his future wife and soul mate Stardust. Realizing they need an income, Brandon now has a job as a Ballot Counter to help continue his environmental agenda in protest of the giant performance venues being built in town. Though he has the support of longtime residents, he has quickly become enemies of show promoters and the entertainers who wish to perform in these grand venues.» → «As a tree lover in a family of housing developers, Brandon never fit in as a child. He has dedicated his adult life to travelling the country to protest deforestation. While at a forest fundraiser, he met his future wife and soul mate Stardust. Realising they need an income, Brandon now has a job as a Ballot Counter to help continue his environmental agenda in protest of the giant performance venues being built in town. Though he has the support of longtime residents, he has quickly become enemies of show promoters and the entertainers who wish to perform in these grand venues.»
«An ability often taught in the arid lands of Al Simhara but can now be bestowed upon your horse.  Quenching your horse's thirst will occur less often.» → «An ability often taught in the arid lands of Al Simhara but can now be bestowed upon your horse. Quenching your horse's thirst will occur less often.»
«Consignment Store» → «Thrift Shop»
«Sims love feeling loved!  Whether on a sofa or relaxing in bed, a cosy Cuddle will do wonders for a relationship!» → «Sims love feeling loved! Whether on a sofa or relaxing in bed, a cosy Cuddle will do wonders for a relationship!»
«Fossilized Grapes» → «Fossilised Grapes»
«Traveled through Time» → «Travelled through Time»
«Straight out of Chapter 11 bankruptcy comes a fresh new book shopping concept at Walls Book 'n Bath! What's the answer to an archaic business model fighting a losing battle against the coming electronic age? Water of course! Slip into a soothing hot bath with an old fashioned book; after all, e-readers and water can have shocking results!» → «Straight out of administration bankruptcy comes a fresh new book shopping concept at Walls Book 'n Bath! What's the answer to an archaic business model fighting a losing battle against the coming electronic age? Water of course! Slip into a soothing hot bath with an old fashioned book; after all, e-readers and water can have shocking results!»
« Hot Dog Test» → «Hot Dog Test»
«Save Color Preset» → «Save Colour Preset»
«Thank you for liberating me from my solitude, brave explorer!  I am the Legendary Axe of Pangu and it has been far too long since my last adventure.  Come, let us scout the treacherous depths and smash giant boulders together!» → «Thank you for liberating me from my solitude, brave explorer! I am the Legendary Axe of Pangu and it has been far too long since my last adventure. Come, let us scout the treacherous depths and smash giant boulders together!»
«Nothing delivers classic charm quite like a blooming Birch tree. Make a statement to your neighbors of your regal elegance with this simple addition to any yard.» → «Nothing delivers classic charm quite like a blooming Birch tree. Make a statement to your neighbours of your regal elegance with this simple addition to any yard.»
«Does your Sim need a roof over their head?  The Roof Tool makes it easy to design the look you want.» → «Does your Sim need a roof over their head? The Roof Tool makes it easy to design the look you want.»
«There’s a Martial Arts tournament in Shang Simla and the local association wants to bring home the team prize  They will sponsor a stipend and reward for anyone who wins a tournament match.» → «There’s a Martial Arts tournament in Shang Simla and the local association wants to bring home the team prize. They will sponsor a stipend and reward for anyone who wins a tournament match.»
«Attend Game With Pack ({0.Money})» → «Attend Match With Pack ({0.Money})»
«College is a time to explore new ideas: frightening, revolutionary ideas. You’ll abandon them when you learn about things like rent and car insurance. But for now, buy this flag!» → «University is a time to explore new ideas: frightening, revolutionary ideas. You’ll abandon them when you learn about things like rent and car insurance. But for now, buy this flag!»
«This artful display allows you to display all your prized books in a manner that looks as though it may fall over at any minute. It easily holds all of your glorious full-color coffee table books, from "A Love Letter to Cupcakes" to "Tran's Crossing: A Crossroads in Photos."» → «This artful display allows you to display all your prized books in a manner that looks as though it may fall over at any minute. It easily holds all of your glorious full-colour coffee table books, from "A Love Letter to Cupcakes" to "Tran's Crossing: A Crossroads in Photos."»
«Estimates put the current number of Xtra Long dining tables in the world at over one billion. Put end to end, that’s roughly 190,000 miles of table. Nobody knows exactly how many kilometers this equals, but rest assured it’s a lot.» → «Estimates put the current number of Xtra Long dining tables in the world at over one billion. Put end to end, that’s roughly 190,000 miles of table. Nobody knows exactly how many kilometres this equals, but rest assured it’s a lot.»
«You didn’t get there in time and now the lice might have taken over the entire school. You just don’t know! Next time somebody asks you to check the neighborhood’s children for lice, don’t hesitate!» → «You didn’t get there in time and now the lice might have taken over the entire school. You just don’t know! Next time somebody asks you to check the neighbourhood’s children for lice, don’t hesitate!»
«{OpSource} last saw {OpTarget} at the beach, doing some sort of investigation regarding aquatic life. That beach is my ticket to a clue in this case. I should head there and snoop around.» → «{OpSource} last saw the brainiac at the beach, doing some sort of investigation regarding aquatic life. That beach is my ticket to a clue in this case. I should head there and snoop around.»
«Diamonds aren’t just a girl’s best friend—they’re everyone’s! Especially when you proudly display this spectacular wall art. The neighbors will ooh, friends will ahh, and Sims everywhere will be clamoring to procure their own copy!» → «Diamonds aren’t just a girl’s best friend—they’re everyone’s! Especially when you proudly display this spectacular wall art. The neighbours will ooh, friends will ahh, and Sims everywhere will be clamoring to procure their own copy!»
«Sure I will vote, just tell me who to vote for.  Oh right, that's not how it works.  Sorry!» → «Sure I will vote, just tell me who to vote for. Oh right, that's not how it works. Sorry!»
«I don't usually pay attention to local elections, but you raise a good point.  I'll get out there this time.» → «I don't usually pay attention to local elections, but you raise a good point. I'll get out there this time.»
«You sound pretty dedicated and that makes me feel shamed that I haven't voted recently.  Don't worry though, I'm on it this time.» → «You sound pretty dedicated and that makes me feel shamed that I haven't voted recently. Don't worry though, I'm on it this time.»
«Voting is important, especially for the right person.  I solemnly swear to do my duty in this regard.  Carpe diem!» → «Voting is important, especially for the right person. I solemnly swear to do my duty in this regard. Carpe diem!»
«Experimenting with different flavors in hopes of formulating a new libation is a creative and personally fulfilling pastime. Your Sim wants to Create some New Drinks at a Professional Bar.» → «Experimenting with different flavours in hopes of formulating a new libation is a creative and personally fulfilling pastime. Your Sim wants to Create some New Drinks at a Professional Bar.»
«Perfect for a billboard or an obsessed teen, this wall-sized poster of Three Men & a Llama is sure to be a hit! Make the dreams of all the teenagers in the neighborhood come true by displaying one on your lot.» → «Perfect for a billboard or an obsessed teen, this wall-sized poster of Three Men & a Llama is sure to be a hit! Make the dreams of all the teenagers in the neighbourhood come true by displaying one on your lot.»
«Never suffer from the effects of Time Travel Sickness while traveling through time again!» → «Never suffer from the effects of Time Travel Sickness while travelling through time again!»
«A kid who loves watching TV until the wee hours of the morning, Daydream tries heeds the advice of her parents to be kind to the environment but just loves all the new toys their money can buy! She’s never had a TV with a working tube before, so now it’s time to catch up on all that she’s missed! Her parents cringe at all the electricity she’s using up, but Daydream just can’t resist. Some might chalk it up to a weak willpower, but she also has a problem finding the garbage can for her trash. Maybe Daydream isn’t the responsible environmentalist her parents want her to be…» → «A kid who loves watching TV until the wee hours of the morning, Daydream tries heed the advice of her parents to be kind to the environment but just loves all the new toys their money can buy! She’s never had a TV with a working tube before, so now it’s time to catch up on all that she’s missed! Her parents cringe at all the electricity she’s using up, but Daydream just can’t resist. Some might chalk it up to a weak willpower, but she also has a problem finding the waste bin for her trash. Maybe Daydream isn’t the responsible environmentalist her parents want her to be…»
«Number of Relics Analyzed:» → «Number of Relics Analysed:»
«Alexa» → «Mariam»
«The restaurant wants to expand with new ingredients, maybe come up with the next big food hit.  {1.SimFirstName} should go out and bring some new high quality ingredients back to help try them out.  Bring back {9.Number} Outstanding Meloire Grapes to get a raise, performance boost, and some spending cash.» → «The restaurant wants to expand with new ingredients, maybe come up with the next big food hit. {1.SimFirstName} should go out and bring some new high quality ingredients back to help try them out. Bring back {9.Number} Outstanding Meloire Grapes to get a raise, performance boost, and some spending cash.»
«The restaurant wants to expand with new ingredients, maybe come up with the next big food hit.  {1.SimFirstName} should go out and bring some new high quality ingredients back to help try them out.  Bring back {9.Number} Outstanding Pomegranates to get a raise, performance boost, and some spending cash.» → «The restaurant wants to expand with new ingredients, maybe come up with the next big food hit. {1.SimFirstName} should go out and bring some new high quality ingredients back to help try them out. Bring back {9.Number} Outstanding Pomegranates to get a raise, performance boost, and some spending cash.»
«Sweet! An item of mine sold for more than it was worth at the consignment store!» → «Sweet! An item of mine sold for more than it was worth at the thrift shop!»
«This reminds me of when Bella went missing.  I need to keep looking…» → «This reminds me of when Bella went missing. I need to keep looking…»
«What is this…?  Oh, nothing.» → «What is this…? Oh, nothing.»
«The truth eludes me.  In time, it will be mine.» → «The truth eludes me. In time, it will be mine.»
«Inconceivable!  There must be a clue around somewhere!» → «Inconceivable! There must be a clue around somewhere!»
«The Theatre really, really, needed your help, but you were nowhere to be found! Try to bounce on time in the future!» → «The Cinema really, really, needed your help, but you were nowhere to be found! Try to bounce on time in the future!»
«My search continued.  There were foot prints, hair, and other possible evidence everywhere, but I couldn’t tell what was important.» → «My search continued. There were foot prints, hair, and other possible evidence everywhere, but I couldn’t tell what was important.»
«{0.SimName}'s Daycare license was revoked. {MA.He}{FA.She} might want to consider another profession. {MA.He}{FA.She} is now unemployed and won't be able to reopen {MA.his}{FA.her} daycare for awhile.» → «{0.SimName}'s Nursery license was revoked. {MA.He}{FA.She} might want to consider another profession. {MA.He}{FA.She} is now unemployed and won't be able to reopen {MA.his}{FA.her} nursery for awhile.»
«{0.SimName} has been suspended too many times and has had {MA.his}{FA.her} daycare license revoked. {MA.He}{FA.She} is now unemployed and won't be able to reopen {MA.his}{FA.her} daycare for awhile.» → «{0.SimName} has been suspended too many times and has had {MA.his}{FA.her} nursery license revoked. {MA.He}{FA.She} is now unemployed and won't be able to reopen {MA.his}{FA.her} nursery for awhile.»
«{0.SimName} needs to learn a thing or two about Daycare! {MA.His}{FA.Her} Daycare license has been revoked. This might teach {MA.him}{FA.her} to not mistreat children. {MA.He}{FA.She} is now unemployed and won't be able to reopen {MA.his}{FA.her} daycare for awhile.» → «{0.SimName} needs to learn a thing or two about Daycare! {MA.His}{FA.Her} Nursery license has been revoked. This might teach {MA.him}{FA.her} to not mistreat children. {MA.He}{FA.She} is now unemployed and won't be able to reopen {MA.his}{FA.her} nursery for awhile.»
«{0.SimName} had {MA.his}{FA.her} daycare license revoked. This might teach {MA.him}{FA.her} right from wrong. {MA.He}{FA.She} is now unemployed and won't be able to reopen {MA.his}{FA.her} daycare for awhile.» → «{0.SimName} had {MA.his}{FA.her} nursery license revoked. This might teach {MA.him}{FA.her} right from wrong. {MA.He}{FA.She} is now unemployed and won't be able to reopen {MA.his}{FA.her} nursery for awhile.»
«You have found my treasure!  You can keep it, lucky adventurer!  But you will never find me.  My immortal soul rests elsewhere.  -- Dong Huo» → «You have found my treasure! You can keep it, lucky adventurer! But you will never find me. My immortal soul rests elsewhere. — Dong Huo»
«The local pet adoption center is working with the Association for Wondrous Wildlife to host an incredible Pet competition at the stadium.  Sims should come by to enter one of their favored cats or dogs for a chance at the big prize!» → «The local pet adoption centre is working with the Association for Wondrous Wildlife to host an incredible Pet competition at the stadium. Sims should come by to enter one of their favored cats or dogs for a chance at the big prize!»
«Traveling to {0.String}» → «Travelling to {0.String}»
«Good to see you’re not above getting your hands dirty for the good of The Organization. The Leader is very pleased to hear about {0.SimName} being on your bad side. Here’s a little cash and a tad bit of job performance to compensate you for your efforts.» → «Good to see you’re not above getting your hands dirty for the good of The Organisation. The Leader is very pleased to hear about {0.SimName} being on your bad side. Here’s a little cash and a tad bit of job performance to compensate you for your efforts.»
«High School Diploma» → «Secondary School Diploma»
«Mold Me Shelf of Supplies» → «Mould Me Shelf of Supplies»
«Successfully scanned {0.Number} of {1.Number}  Sims while they laugh.» → «Successfully scanned {0.Number} of {1.Number} Sims while they laugh.»
«Upgrade your plain and boring archways to Spanish Colonial Columns - Now in round, elliptical, and curved styles! Materials include, but are not limited to: Oak, Marble, Terra Cotta, Vinyl, and Chocolate. We offer an incredible 5 year or 50,000 mile wall to wall warranty!» → «Upgrade your plain and boring archways to Spanish Colonial Columns - Now in round, elliptical, and curved styles! Materials include, but are not limited to: Oak, Marble, Terra Cotta, Vinyl, and Chocolate. We offer an incredible 5 year or 80,000km wall to wall warranty!»
«Win a Sports Game» → «Win a Sports Match»
«You didn’t get the game organized in time, but luckily the charity found other donors.» → «You didn’t get the match organised in time, but luckily the charity found other donors.»
«Great job! The mayor’s office is delighted to see so many students work so diligently to improve education and the town’s appearance to outside communities. Enjoy the cash while sitting happily on the honor roll.» → «Great job! The mayor’s office is delighted to see so many students work so diligently to improve education and the town’s appearance to outside communities. Enjoy the cash while sitting happily on the honour roll.»
«Ask Someone on a Date to Theatre» → «Ask Someone on a Date to Cinema»
«Town Center» → «Town Centre»
«With its gorgeous, antique facade the Ancestral Wardrobe looks like a piece of furniture that has served for generations. But don't worry, this wardrobe has years and years of reliable service left it in. No matter how many outfits you need to organize, the Ancestral Wardrobe will ensure that they are secure, straight, and neatly arranged.» → «With its gorgeous, antique façade the Ancestral Wardrobe looks like a piece of furniture that has served for generations. But don't worry, this wardrobe has years and years of reliable service left it in. No matter how many outfits you need to organise, the Ancestral Wardrobe will ensure that they are secure, straight, and neatly arranged.»
«{0.SimFirstName} was putting something in the oven when she was brought into a discussion by some other chefs. Unfortunately, {0.SimFirstName} left the oven open, and standing right next to it, she caught on fire!  Luckily she was extinguished by quick thinking and the saucier's garlic extract... ew...» → «{0.SimFirstName} was putting something in the oven when she was brought into a discussion by some other chefs. Unfortunately, {0.SimFirstName} left the oven open, and standing right next to it, she caught on fire! Luckily she was extinguished by quick thinking and the saucier's garlic extract... ew...»
« Perform for Tips as a Singer» → «Perform for Tips as a Singer»
«Do you love “your” team? Honest? Can you prove it? There’s a big difference between the rain or shine, win or lose, die hard fans and the fair-weather jerks that enter the stadium when it’s convenient. Grin and bear the losses along with the wins, and the team will take care of you.» → «Do you love “your” team? Honest? Can you prove it? There’s a big difference between the rain or shine, win, draw, or lose, die hard fans and the fair-weather jerks that enter the stadium when it’s convenient. Grin and bear the losses along with the wins, and the team will take care of you.»
«Analyze Tire Tracks» → «Analyse Tire Tracks»
«You missed an emergency.  But who cares?  You’re a professional slacker, so it doesn’t affect your job experience.» → «You missed an emergency. But who cares? You’re a professional slacker, so it doesn’t affect your job experience.»
«Who needs science or physics? You defied both as the town’s first, well technically second, Time Traveler!» → «Who needs science or physics? You defied both as the town’s first, well technically second, Time Traveller!»
«Investigators can also hack into computers, search through garbage cans, and inspect others' mail.» → «Investigators can also hack into computers, search through garbage cans, and inspect others' post.»
«Written by Hannu Kiviaho, Thomas Pareigis,  Alf Ostlund, Joakim Lindahl, Jorgen Wall and Jan Lissnils» → «Written by Hannu Kiviaho, Thomas Pareigis, Alf Ostlund, Joakim Lindahl, Jorgen Wall and Jan Lissnils»
«Chamomile Tea» → «Camomile Tea»
«What was that?  {0.SimName} swam through something gelatinous.» → «What was that? {0.SimName} swam through something gelatinous.»
«{0.SimName} sees an odd carving in an alcove.  It says, "Fish Kid was here."» → «{0.SimName} sees an odd carving in an alcove. It says, "Fish Kid was here."»
«Hoi Polloi Event Center» → «Hoi Polloi Event Centre»
«You've proven that you can handle the small time competitions. It's time to take your skills and back them up on the International Circuit! Will you become a house hold name or a forgotton local legend who has been reduced to the main attraction at the local petting zoo?... Your Horse wishes to Enter an International Cross-Country Competition.» → «You've proven that you can handle the small time competitions. It's time to take your skills and back them up on the International Tour! Will you become a house hold name or a forgotten local legend who has been reduced to the main attraction at the local petting zoo?... Your Horse wishes to Enter an International Cross-Country Competition.»
«Analyze DNA at science lab» → «Analyse DNA at science lab»
«The ghost has been banished and the team is actually honored that such a great Gnubb player graced them with her presence!» → «The ghost has been banished and the team is actually honoured that such a great Gnubb player graced them with her presence!»
«Just when it seemed {MA.his}{FA.her} Widgets couldn’t get any better, your Sim discovered a trick or two to improve them. {MA.He}{FA.She} would like to build an Improved Widget on the Inventing WorkBench.» → «Just when it seemed {MA.his}{FA.her} Widgets couldn’t get any better, your Sim discovered a trick or two to improve them. {MA.He}{FA.She} would like to build an Improved Widget on the Inventing WorkBench.»
«{0.SimFirstName}'s team won the game with a score of {1.Number} to {2.Number}.» → «{0.SimFirstName}'s team won the match with a score of {1.Number} to {2.Number}.»
«{0.SimFirstName}'s team managed a tie with a score of {1.Number} to {2.Number}.» → «{0.SimFirstName}'s team managed a {1.Number}-{2.Number} tie.»
«How could a cat possibly have this much fun?  Obviously, {0.SimFirstName} knows.» → «How could a cat possibly have this much fun? Obviously, {0.SimFirstName} knows.»
«Light: Set Color Yellow» → «Light: Set Colour Yellow»
«The Boss was entertaining another powerful crime lord and was showing him how powerful he was. He pulled a lever and a trap door opened under {0.SimFirstName} that would've dropped him into a pit of lobsters!  Luckily {0.SimFirstName} was Athletic enough to jump away before falling. The Boss was impressed with {0.SimFirstName}'s skills and gave him a raise.» → «The Boss was entertaining another powerful crime lord and was showing him how powerful he was. He pulled a lever and a trap door opened under {0.SimFirstName} that would've dropped him into a pit of lobsters! Luckily {0.SimFirstName} was Athletic enough to jump away before falling. The Boss was impressed with {0.SimFirstName}'s skills and gave him a raise.»
«How could a dog possibly have this much fun?  Obviously, {0.SimFirstName} knows.» → «How could a dog possibly have this much fun? Obviously, {0.SimFirstName} knows.»
«Bass Level 5: In My Truck» → «Bass Level 5: In My Van»
«Bass Level 7: Subway Glances» → «Bass Level 7: Metro Glances»
«What a scare. The famous critic, Francois Landgraab came into the restaurant and demanded a meal fit for a king. Everyone ran but {0.SimFirstName}, who did her best and came up with a tasty new twist to an old favorite. The Beast has been appeased.» → «What a scare. The famous critic, Francois Landgraab came into the restaurant and demanded a meal fit for a king. Everyone ran but {0.SimFirstName}, who did her best and came up with a tasty new twist to an old favourite. The Beast has been appeased.»
«Governor» → «Regional Minister»
«They say an elephant never forgets, but this one can never remember where he put his three favorite necklaces. Decked out in his most terrifying war paint and bracelets, this elephant is still terrified of mice who haunt his every waking moment.» → «They say an elephant never forgets, but this one can never remember where he put his three favourite necklaces. Decked out in his most terrifying war paint and bracelets, this elephant is still terrified of mice who haunt his every waking moment.»
«Keep your neighbors guessing with the unusual layout of this residence.  All they really need to know is that it’s home, sweet home!» → «Keep your neighbours guessing with the unusual layout of this residence. All they really need to know is that it’s home, sweet home!»
«{0.SimFirstName} is too depressed right now for humor.» → «{0.SimFirstName} is too depressed right now for humour.»
«Customize Collar And Coats» → «Customise Collar And Coats»
«De Jesus» → «De Jesús»
«Junkyard Spawner 5» → «Scrapyard Spawner 5»
«Junkyard Spawner 4» → «Scrapyard Spawner 4»
«Junkyard Spawner 1» → «Scrapyard Spawner 1»
«Junkyard Spawner 3» → «Scrapyard Spawner 3»
«Junkyard Spawner 2» → «Scrapyard Spawner 2»
«Your dog's got a taste for showbiz!  Have {MA. him}{FA. her} put on {MA. his}{FA. her} best stage face and get out there to show {MA. his}{FA. her} stuff!  Your dog wants to Earn {0.Money} Simoleons Performing Tricks.» → «Your dog's got a taste for showbiz! Have {MA. him}{FA. her} put on {MA. his}{FA. her} best stage face and get out there to show {MA. his}{FA. her} stuff! Your dog wants to Earn {0.Money} Simoleons Performing Tricks.»
« Earn §20,000 in tips as an Acrobat» → «Earn §20,000 in tips as an Acrobat»
«• Your Sim can donate to charities by clicking on the mailbox!» → «• Your Sim can donate to charities by clicking on the post box!»
«This house has a friendly, neighborly air about it. Come sit on the porch or gazebo and have some lemonade.» → «This house has a friendly, neighbourly air about it. Come sit on the porch or gazebo and have some lemonade.»
«Does your washroom lack cabinet space? Fix the issue in a jiffy with the Ultimate Powder Room Organizer. Not only does it hold the necessary essentials for a cozy and well-equipped bathroom, but it also has plenty of room for tchotchkes!» → «Does your washroom lack cabinet space? Fix the issue in a jiffy with the Ultimate Powder Room Organiser. Not only does it hold the necessary essentials for a cosy and well-equipped bathroom, but it also has plenty of room for tchotchkes!»
«Upgrade to Inertial Stabilizer» → «Upgrade to Inertial Stabiliser»
«3BR / 3 Bath - This homey shingle style house needs only a family  to make it complete. The laboratory in the basement is only a bonus.» → «3BR / 3 Bath - This homey shingle style house needs only a family to make it complete. The laboratory in the basement is only a bonus.»
«Thanks to their dignified design, these small towers stand tall and proudly light the way. Weary travelers can follow their light to the comfort and hospitality of your home, no matter how dark the night or hard the weather. You can always rely on Tower Path Lights.» → «Thanks to their dignified design, these small towers stand tall and proudly light the way. Weary travellers can follow their light to the comfort and hospitality of your home, no matter how dark the night or hard the weather. You can always rely on Tower Path Lights.»
«Alan Stanley and his partner, A-list actress Emmy Starr live the grand celebrity life. A director extraordinaire, every young actor wants to work with him and every young filmmaker wants to be him. Emmy rose to stardom as the lead actress in his early films. Rumor has it that this relationship is a little unbalanced. What goes on off the set for this couple?» → «Alan Stanley and his partner, A-list actress Emmy Starr live the grand celebrity life. A director extraordinaire, every young actor wants to work with him and every young filmmaker wants to be him. Emmy rose to stardom as the lead actress in his early films. Rumour has it that this relationship is a little unbalanced. What goes on off the set for this couple?»
«In recognition of your achievements in the field of Firefighting the town of {TownName} is honored to present you with the {1.String}. Your hard work and brave deeds have saved the lives of many Sims. {TownName} is a better place because of you, {0.SimFirstName}!» → «In recognition of your achievements in the field of Firefighting the town of {TownName} is honoured to present you with the {1.String}. Your hard work and brave deeds have saved the lives of many Sims. {TownName} is a better place because of you, {0.SimFirstName}!»
«Ornate Dual-Paneled Full-Bordered Wall with Coffering, Center Border and Crown and Baseboard Moulding» → «Ornate Dual-Paneled Full-Bordered Wall with Coffering, Centre Border and Crown and Baseboard Moulding»
«No foray into island living would be complete without a sampling of the incredible fruits native to tropical lands. No more tantalizing array of natural treats exists! This attractive display, while not edible, certainly harkens to the scintillating flavors of the island's gifts!» → «No foray into island living would be complete without a sampling of the incredible fruits native to tropical lands. No more tantalising array of natural treats exists! This attractive display, while not edible, certainly harkens to the scintillating flavours of the island's gifts!»
«Your overtime ideas and huddle-like leadership skills were the champions of the Sports Stadium meeting. Shoe deals, cereal boxes... vegetables branded with the mascot? Genius, out of the box thinking like that will always win the game! Your co-workers are all cheering your name – who knew meetings could be fun?» → «Your overtime ideas and huddle-like leadership skills were the champions of the Sports Stadium meeting. Shoe deals, cereal boxes... vegetables branded with the mascot? Genius, out of the box thinking like that will always win the match! Your co-workers are all cheering your name – who knew meetings could be fun?»
«Plumbots are only as versatile as their software. Roboticists have designed Trait Chips: processors to run the most advanced and specialized programs. Here's a few Trait Chips. Try adjusting a Bot’s Trait Chips then give the Plumbot a High Five for good measure!» → «Plumbots are only as versatile as their software. Roboticists have designed Trait Chips: processors to run the most advanced and specialised programs. Here's a few Trait Chips. Try adjusting a Bot’s Trait Chips then give the Plumbot a High Five for good measure!»
«Sims with No Sense of Humor tell terrible jokes, so they tend to not tell them. They also don't enjoy the jokes of others. Humor is simply wasted on them.» → «Sims with No Sense of Humour tell terrible jokes, so they tend to not tell them. They also don't enjoy the jokes of others. Humour is simply wasted on them.»
«A work anniversary honors a Sim's hard work, sweat, and dedication. Now, onto another productive year!» → «A work anniversary honours a Sim's hard work, sweat, and dedication. Now, onto another productive year!»
«{0.SimFirstName} dreamed all night of professional disasters! {MA.His}{FA.Her} career performance will surely suffer from all this stress.» → «{0.SimFirstName} dreamt all night of professional disasters! {MA.His}{FA.Her} career performance will surely suffer from all this stress.»
«Sims don't like getting rejected, especially by someone who used to like them.  Sims will have less luck socializing while they stew over a rejection.» → «Sims don't like getting rejected, especially by someone who used to like them.  Sims will have less luck socialising while they stew over a rejection.»
«After spending long hours toiling on homework, getting on the honor roll is a fitting reward!» → «After spending long hours toiling on homework, getting on the honour roll is a fitting reward!»
«Stu Surprise is an icky dish that contains so many flavors that it becomes palateable. Your Sim wants to eat Stu Surprise made with peppers and apples.» → «Stu Surprise is an icky dish that contains so many flavours that it becomes palateable. Your Sim wants to eat Stu Surprise made with peppers and apples.»
«Light-beam travel is authorized only for elite space explorers. {0.SimName}’s recent promotion to Beam Commander brings money, prestige and frequent visits to distant Simulon V!» → «Light-beam travel is authorised only for elite space explorers. {0.SimName}’s recent promotion to Beam Commander brings money, prestige and frequent visits to distant Simulon V!»
«There are fantastic new lots available, would you like to be walked through placing the following lots into your neighborhood?» → «There are fantastic new lots available, would you like to be walked through placing the following lots into your neighbourhood?»
«Even dogs can't play and have fun constantly!  A good night's sleep, or even a quick nap can easily get your dog back on its feet and ready to go.» → «Even dogs can't play and have fun constantly! A good night's sleep, or even a quick nap can easily get your dog back on its feet and ready to go.»
«Daycare Van» → «Nursery Van»
«This is a small family home on a large lot with an abundance of fencing and enclosures on the property.  There are opportunities abound to store things or pen them in.» → «This is a small family home on a large lot with an abundance of fencing and enclosures on the property. There are opportunities abound to store things or pen them in.»
«{0.SimFirstName} has sold {0.Number} items at the consignment store. Because of this outstanding success, {0.SimFirstName}' will have a higher chance of selling future items.» → «{0.SimFirstName} has sold {0.Number} items at the thrift shop. Because of this outstanding success, {0.SimFirstName}' will have a higher chance of selling future items.»
« Fortunately, we had an Excellent Groupie in our midst.» → «Fortunately, we had an Excellent Groupie in our midst.»
« If not for our Excellent Groupie, this would have been a real waste of time.» → «If not for our Excellent Groupie, this would have been a real waste of time.»
« If not for {0.SimName} this would have been a million times worse.» → «If not for {0.SimName} this would have been a million times worse.»
«Repoman Hover Truck» → «Repoman Hover Van»
«With Nectar, snacks, and socialization, cafés are the trendiest places to eat in Champs Les Sims. Your Sim wants to visit a café.» → «With Nectar, snacks, and socialisation, cafés are the trendiest places to eat in Champs Les Sims. Your Sim wants to visit a café.»
«"Analyze Saliva" at police station» → «"Analyse Saliva" at police station»
«EA North American Testing Center» → «EA North American Testing Centre»
«The article made you famous in the cafeteria as the other students clamored to hear about your trip.  Your School Performance has increased!» → «The article made you famous in the cafeteria as the other students clamored to hear about your trip. Your School Performance has increased!»
«Sure, that sounds fun!  I'll meet you there.» → «Sure, that sounds fun! I'll meet you there.»
«Well you seem to be a very nice person {1.SimName}.  Unfortunately I can't honor the first shipment of this contract.  If I had {9.Number} pieces of Turquoise I could make some "relics" real fast to ship to MorcuCorp.  Honestly they wouldn't even know the difference.  Do this for me and we both will be rewarded.» → «Well you seem to be a very nice person {1.SimName}. Unfortunately I can't honor the first shipment of this contract. If I had {9.Number} pieces of Turquoise I could make some "relics" real fast to ship to MorcuCorp. Honestly they wouldn't even know the difference. Do this for me and we both will be rewarded.»
«Consignment Store Reputation» → «Thrift Shop Reputation»
«Made with new high-tech cushioning materials, our sofa offers the degree of comfort that you demand from your seating, without all the excess fluff. Settle yourself on firmer, sleeker coziness, because comfort doesn’t have to be fat.  Pair it with a matching loveseat or chair for a spec-tech-ular living room scene.» → «Made with new high-tech cushioning materials, our sofa offers the degree of comfort that you demand from your seating, without all the excess fluff. Settle yourself on firmer, sleeker cosiness, because comfort doesn’t have to be fat. Pair it with a matching loveseat or chair for a spec-tech-ular living room scene.»
«Playing in Game» → «Playing in Game»
«A local dive bar, {OpTarget}, has experienced a small surge in popularity due to Sim Magazine giving it the "Cleanest Bathrooms (Dive Bar Category)" award. {OpSource} has asked {OpOwner} to help serve the slight increase in clientele. There will be compensation of course.» → «A local corner pub, {OpTarget}, has experienced a small surge in popularity due to Sim Magazine giving it the "Cleanest Bathrooms (Corner Pub Category)" award. {OpSource} has asked {OpOwner} to help serve the slight increase in clientele. There will be compensation of course.»
«Nose Color» → «Nose Colour»
«According to this fortune cookie, today is a good day to reach out to you. Want to be friends?» → «According to this fortune biscuit, today is a good day to reach out to you. Want to be friends?»
«{OpSource} is fairly choked up over the missing book -- a bit too choked up if you ask me. It looks like I'll need to hit the streets a bit and ask around to see if anyone else has noticed the missing book.» → «{OpSource} is fairly choked up over the missing book — a bit too choked up if you ask me. It looks like I'll need to hit the streets a bit and ask around to see if anyone else has noticed the missing book.»
«Neighborhood Grill-A-Thon» → «Neighbourhood Barbecue-A-Thon»
«Discuss Favorite TV Shows» → «Discuss Favourite TV Programmes»
«Going to the grocery store on an empty stomach is never a good idea, so why not stop by the diner before you shop.» → «Going to the supermarket on an empty stomach is never a good idea, so why not stop by the eatery before you shop.»
«{2.SimName} saw a Deer for the first time. Witnessing the majestic presence and sentinel-like stance first hand, {MA.he}{FA.she}'ll never forget this eye-opening experience.» → «{2.SimName} saw a Deer for the first time. Witnessing the majestic presence and sentinel-like stance first hand, {MA.he}{FA.she}'ll never forget this eye-opening experience.»
«Only one mailbox allowed per lot» → «Only one postbox allowed per lot»
«Wilsonoff Community Theatre» → «Wilsonoff Community Cinema»
«Sometimes even the best location can fall out of favor.  Remodeled cheaply many times, Crescent Bay Plaza is again under renovation which for now just means a lot of noise for its hapless residents.» → «Sometimes even the best location can fall out of favour. Remodeled cheaply many times, Crescent Bay Plaza is again under renovation which for now just means a lot of noise for its hapless residents.»
«Career Clothing Customization» → «Career Clothing Customisation»
«An agreeable tower close to downtown, Sims are often bizarrely confused about what subway stop to take to get to Powell house.» → «An agreeable tower close to downtown, Sims are often bizarrely confused about what underground stop to take to get to Powell house.»
«{1.SimFirstName} has collected enough information.  It is time to report back to {16.SimName}.» → «{1.SimFirstName} has collected enough information. It is time to report back to {16.SimName}.»
«Play Soccer With» → «Play Football With»
«You seem like a nice person. We understand the need to not be fraternizing with certain people around here. All will be forgiven with one final task. If you could convince a certain individual that the current police surge on crime is unnecessary, we will pretend that all of this never happened and we don't even know what a hospital is.» → «You seem like a nice person. We understand the need to not be fraternising with certain people around here. All will be forgiven with one final task. If you could convince a certain individual that the current police surge on crime is unnecessary, we will pretend that all of this never happened and we don't even know what a hospital is.»
«{0.SimName} has a game today at {1.HourOfDay}! The carpool will arrive an hour before the start of the game.» → «{0.SimName} has a match today at {1.HourOfDay}! The carpool will arrive an hour before the start of the match.»
«Sweat is the enemy of culture; exercise is dangerously close to physical labor. But if you must work out, make sure it’s on a boat far from the plebes.» → «Sweat is the enemy of culture; exercise is dangerously close to physical labour. But if you must work out, make sure it’s on a boat far from the plebes.»
«The Floor Hygieneator produces sweet smelling bursts of deodorizer that envelops all who pass over it! Try out all the scents to find the one you like best.» → «The Floor Hygienator produces sweet smelling bursts of deodoriser that envelops all who pass over it! Try out all the scents to find the one you like best.»
«{0.SimFirstName} got in for free to the sports game because of {1.SimFirstName}» → «{0.SimFirstName} got in for free to the sports match because of {1.SimFirstName}»
«This seems like a decent place to fish.  Try looking for places where fish are jumping for even better luck..» → «This seems like a decent place to fish. Try looking for places where fish are jumping for even better luck..»
«Change Color Scheme» → «Change Colour Scheme»
« The future is bright for this young graduate!» → «The future is bright for this young graduate!»
«Graduated from High School» → «Graduated from Secondary School»
«If you love towers and domed roofs, have we got the palace for you!  Invite everyone you know over to your new vacation home!» → «If you love towers and domed roofs, have we got the palace for you! Invite everyone you know over to your new vacation home!»
«As long as the Defensive Grid remains inactive, meteors will continue to pulverize Oasis Landing.» → «As long as the Defensive Grid remains inactive, meteors will continue to pulverise Oasis Landing.»
«This would be everyone’s favorite memory, except it’s usually erased by everyone’s First Sugar-Induced Blackout.» → «This would be everyone’s favourite memory, except it’s usually erased by everyone’s First Sugar-Induced Blackout.»
«The Chun-Munroe Family Endowment for the Visual Arts \n hereby recognizes \n {0.SimName} \n for exceptional achievement in the field of painting. \n \n Awarded: {DateAndTime}, Witnessing Officer: T. Smith» → «The Chun-Munroe Family Endowment for the Visual Arts \n hereby recognises \n {0.SimName} \n for exceptional achievement in the field of painting. \n \n Awarded: {DateAndTime}, Witnessing Officer: T. Smith»
«Digitizing Your Notes» → «Digitising Your Notes»
«With an exterior paint color that matches the surrounding sand, this home invites you to experience an organic new abode to call your own.  Be at one with nature in this affordable home.» → «With an exterior paint colour that matches the surrounding sand, this home invites you to experience an organic new abode to call your own. Be at one with nature in this affordable home.»
«Consignment Register» → «Thrift Shop Register»
«Throw a fundraising party using the phone or canvas the neighborhood and ask for campaign contributions to earn at least §10,000 for a big cash reward.» → «Throw a fundraising party using the phone or canvas the neighbourhood and ask for campaign contributions to earn at least §10,000 for a big cash reward.»
«Players can experiment with different tattoos by placing up to five layers. Players can modify the size and color of each layer.» → «Players can experiment with different tattoos by placing up to five layers. Players can modify the size and colour of each layer.»
«There are two kinds of vanity, and we make the good kind. Though with overuse, the second kind can happen. Every inch of this magnificent piece of furniture was constructed to make you feel better about staring at your own face. And why shouldn’t you? Buy our vanity. You know you want both kinds.» → «There are two kinds of vanity, and we make the good kind. Though with overuse, the second kind can happen. Every centimetre of this magnificent piece of furniture was constructed to make you feel better about staring at your own face. And why shouldn’t you? Buy our vanity. You know you want both kinds.»
« • {0.String} ({1.Money})» → «• {0.String} ({1.Money})»
«Teaching a new trick, such as Sit Up, can be such an adventure! Your dog is really happy with all the attention {MA.He}{FA.She} is getting that they practically can't stand still from all the excitement!» → «Teaching a new trick, such as Sit Up, can be such an adventure! Your dog is really happy with all the attention {MA.He}{FA.She} is getting that they practically can't stand still from all the excitement!»
«{0.String} is under construction.  Your course at this location is cancelled for the rest of the term.» → «{0.String} is under construction. Your course at this location is cancelled for the rest of the term.»
«Outdoor Trashcan» → «Outdoor Waste Bin»
«We seem to have an unprecedented amount of emergency situations here in {TownName}. I am so grateful, {0.SimFirstName}, that in times of trouble we can count on you. Your dedication to your community is above and beyond the call of duty. On behalf of the citizens of {TownName} it is my great honor to give you the {1.String}. Display it proudly on your wall. We’re also giving you a medal you can wear around town. You’ve earned these accolades, hero!» → «We seem to have an unprecedented amount of emergency situations here in {TownName}. I am so grateful, {0.SimFirstName}, that in times of trouble we can count on you. Your dedication to your community is above and beyond the call of duty. On behalf of the citizens of {TownName} it is my great honour to give you the {1.String}. Display it proudly on your wall. We’re also giving you a medal you can wear around town. You’ve earned these accolades, hero!»
«The town of {TownName} is in your debt, {0.SimFirstName}. Your medical know how and tireless commitment to the community has made you a blessing in the lives of your patients, and the lives of their friends and family. It is a great honor for me to give you the {1.String} on behalf of the citizens of {TownName}. Display it proudly on the wall of your home or clinic. We’re also giving you a medal you can wear. Your everyday heroics are making {TownName} a better place!» → «The town of {TownName} is in your debt, {0.SimFirstName}. Your medical know how and tireless commitment to the community has made you a blessing in the lives of your patients, and the lives of their friends and family. It is a great honour for me to give you the {1.String} on behalf of the citizens of {TownName}. Display it proudly on the wall of your home or clinic. We’re also giving you a medal you can wear. Your everyday heroics are making {TownName} a better place!»
«This chateau was built in the golden era of the Silver Screen when Bridgeport was the center of Film making. If this prohibition era mansion could talk, imagine the stories it could tell. Dual master suites and a speakeasy in the basement are among its many charms.» → «This chateau was built in the golden era of the Silver Screen when Bridgeport was the centre of Film making. If this prohibition era mansion could talk, imagine the stories it could tell. Dual master suites and a speakeasy in the basement are among its many charms.»
«Cruz was perfectly happy living in Bridgeport. He had his friends, his hobbies... he'd even successfully blocked out his parents frequent fighting. Ever since his mom kicked his dad to the curb though, his life has been turned upside down. Dragged out to the country, he's being forced to fit in with a crowd that totally isn't his scene, in a time of life when you really don't want to stand out. Worse yet, he has to deal with his mom bringing new men home constantly. What's a troubled teen to do?» → «Cruz was perfectly happy living in Bridgeport. He had his friends, his hobbies... he'd even successfully blocked out his parents' frequent fighting. Ever since his mum kicked his dad to the pavement though, his life has been turned upside down. Dragged out to the country, he's being forced to fit in with a crowd that totally isn't his scene, in a time of life when you really don't want to stand out. Worse yet, he has to deal with his mum bringing new men home constantly. What's a troubled teen to do?»
«Your pet will protect this house! It's your pet's house, and your pet is ready to take on anyone who tries to mess with it!  Your pet wants to guard the house.» → «Your pet will protect this house! It's your pet's house, and your pet is ready to take on anyone who tries to mess with it! Your pet wants to guard the house.»
«Rusted Truck» → «Rusted Pickup»
«Dense stands of bamboo lend an exotic East Asian flavor to any living space. Though artificial, they may distract ravenous Panda bears long enough for your family to escape.» → «Dense stands of bamboo lend an exotic East Asian flavour to any living space. Though artificial, they may distract ravenous Panda bears long enough for your family to escape.»
«A distinguished home for your best china. The dishware will glow with attention from adoring guests as they pour over the casing, the details, and peer through the crystal windows. It's best to take out an insurance policy on a piece like this. Someone just might walk out with it.» → «A distinguished home for your best porcelain. The dishware will glow with attention from adoring guests as they pour over the casing, the details, and peer through the crystal windows. It's best to take out an insurance policy on a piece like this. Someone just might walk out with it.»
«Mapping the Sim genome has been elusive at best, but not for {0.SimFirstName}. {MA.He}{FA.She} can now analyze DNA samples from other Sims.» → «Mapping the Sim genome has been elusive at best, but not for {0.SimFirstName}. {MA.He}{FA.She} can now analyse DNA samples from other Sims.»
«The bugs have been bugging {0.SimFirstName} and now {MA.he}{FA.she} can learn why. {0.SimFirstName} can now analyze Insects! Check {MA.his}{FA.her} inventory for an Insect to analyze.» → «The bugs have been bugging {0.SimFirstName} and now {MA.he}{FA.she} can learn why. {0.SimFirstName} can now analyse Insects! Check {MA.his}{FA.her} inventory for an Insect to analyse.»
«{0.SimFirstName} is ready to go swimming with the fishes! {MA.He}{FA.She} can now analyze Fish. Check {MA.his}{FA.her} inventory for a Fish to analyze.» → «{0.SimFirstName} is ready to go swimming with the fishes! {MA.He}{FA.She} can now analyse Fish. Check {MA.his}{FA.her} inventory for a Fish to analyse.»
«So many plants, so little time… {0.SimFirstName} now understands Science enough to analyze Plants. Look in {MA.his}{FA.her} inventory for a Plant to analyze.» → «So many plants, so little time… {0.SimFirstName} now understands Science enough to analyse Plants. Look in {MA.his}{FA.her} inventory for a Plant to analyse.»
«Eureka! {0.SimFirstName} just realized the world isn’t square! {MA.He}{FA.She} can now analyze Minerals (Gems and Metals) to see what the world is made of. Check {MA.his}{FA.her} inventory for a Mineral sample to analyze.» → «Eureka! {0.SimFirstName} just realized the world isn’t square! {MA.He}{FA.She} can now analyse Minerals (Gems and Metals) to see what the world is made of. Check {MA.his}{FA.her} inventory for a Mineral sample to analyse.»
«Set Color» → «Set Colour»
«Talent scouts will be scoping the field at the next game, so you should make every effort to play. Play in the next game, and your job performance will most certainly experience a healthy boost.» → «Talent scouts will be scoping the pitch at the next match, so you should make every effort to play. Play in the next match, and your job performance will most certainly experience a healthy boost.»
«It's getting late, and {0.SimFirstName} is still using {1.SimFirstName}.  Be sure to bring the horse back to its owner before {2.HourOfDay} tonight, or you might be accused of rustlin'!» → «It's getting late, and {0.SimFirstName} is still using {1.SimFirstName}. Be sure to bring the horse back to its owner before {2.HourOfDay} tonight, or you might be accused of rustlin'!»
«{0.SimName} has heard you’re quite the master griller and would like to sample some of your incredible grilled Cheesesteak Sandwiches. Prepare a group serving of Cheesesteaks and bring it to {0.SimName}, who is sure to pay you for your effort.» → «{0.SimName} has heard you’re quite the master griller and would like to sample some of your incredible grilled Philly Cheesesteaks. Prepare a group serving of Philly Cheesesteaks and bring it to {0.SimName}, who is sure to pay you for your effort.»
«This nice and cozy bungalow is worth a look inside. Although it’s an older house, the inside is packed with appeal, from eye-catching hardwood floors to tasteful windows throughout. Everything about this place is simple and appealing. It is sure to warm your heart.» → «This nice and cosy bungalow is worth a look inside. Although it’s an older house, the inside is packed with appeal, from eye-catching hardwood floors to tasteful windows throughout. Everything about this place is simple and appealing. It is sure to warm your heart.»
«While the suits are rewarding themselves after the successful merger, the office underlings are scrambling to get all the paperwork organized. Your co-workers would really appreciate it if you would stay to help them out.» → «While the suits are rewarding themselves after the successful merger, the office underlings are scrambling to get all the paperwork organised. Your co-workers would really appreciate it if you would stay to help them out.»
«{OpSource} just wants some dirt on {OpTarget}, but won't explain why. This job will make me feel dirtier than a week old sponge, but that's the job some days. I should inspect the mail and search through the garbage at {OpTarget}'s home.» → «{OpSource} just wants some dirt on {OpTarget}, but won't explain why. This job will make me feel dirtier than a week old sponge, but that's the job some days. I should inspect the post and search through the garbage at {OpTarget}'s home.»
«{0.SimFirstName} has placed 1st in the {1.String}! Superb Job!  In addition to the prize money, {0.SimFirstName} has received a trophy and the adoration of the crowd!» → «{0.SimFirstName} has placed 1st in the {1.String}! Superb Job! In addition to the prize money, {0.SimFirstName} has received a trophy and the adoration of the crowd!»
«Now with 100% less horse for your safety, the Standing Riding Horse sculpture provides a unique opportunity to visualize your riding experience long before you climb aboard the real thing to risk life and limb.  Prepare before you dare!» → «Now with 100% less horse for your safety, the Standing Riding Horse sculpture provides a unique opportunity to visualise your riding experience long before you climb aboard the real thing to risk life and limb. Prepare before you dare!»
«I did the white glove test on this place. I must say it passed with flying colors!» → «I did the white glove test on this place. I must say it passed with flying colours!»
«Immortalize baby's tiny fingers and precious toes forever with paint and ceramics. You'll be embarrassing your kids with this memento well into their adult years. Just be careful not to drop it!» → «Immortalise baby's tiny fingers and precious toes forever with paint and ceramics. You'll be embarrassing your kids with this memento well into their adult years. Just be careful not to drop it!»
«Colors» → «Colours»
«Auto Soil: Chamomile» → «Auto Soil: Camomile»
«Elementary School Student» → «Primary School Pupil»
«Fossilized Watermelon» → «Fossilised Watermelon»
«Exactly what you imagine for every picturesque neighborhood, The Original Column has never been imitated! The one, the only, the original!» → «Exactly what you imagine for every picturesque neighbourhood, The Original Column has never been imitated! The one, the only, the original!»
«Robotics are a labor of love, and {2.SimName} has finally mastered the craft’s every nuance!» → «Robotics are a labour of love, and {2.SimName} has finally mastered the craft’s every nuance!»
«Customize Self for {0.Money}» → «Customise Self for {0.Money}»
«Your Sim has a healthy appetite and has put on a few pounds! The sight of {MA.his}{FA.her} changed profile in the mirror won't be forgotten soon.» → «Your Sim has a healthy appetite and has put on a few kilograms! The sight of {MA.his}{FA.her} changed profile in the mirror won't be forgotten soon.»
«{0.SimFirstName} is failing school!  If his scholastic performance doesn't improve before graduation, his personality will forever be changed.» → «{0.SimFirstName} is failing school! If his scholastic performance doesn't improve before graduation, his personality will forever be changed.»
«Humor is incredibly difficult. It takes creativity, guts and the real risk of “bombing.” Your brave Plumbot wants to put on a Comedy Show!» → «Humour is incredibly difficult. It takes creativity, guts and the real risk of “bombing.” Your brave Plumbot wants to put on a Comedy Show!»
«A sharp new look can completely change one's outlook on life! Your Sim wants to revitalize {MA.his}{FA.her} hair by dying or cutting it.» → «A sharp new look can completely change one's outlook on life! Your Sim wants to revitalise {MA.his}{FA.her} hair by dying or cutting it.»
«{0.SimFirstName} dreamed of {MA.his}{FA.her} own complete opposite, and wakes with two of {MA.his}{FA.her} personality traits completely flipped.» → «{0.SimFirstName} dreamt of {MA.his}{FA.her} own complete opposite, and wakes with two of {MA.his}{FA.her} personality traits completely flipped.»
«The neighborhood might be a little sketchy, but MN8 is always a rockin’ good time.» → «The neighbourhood might be a little sketchy, but MN8 is always a rockin’ good time.»
«The problem with large family homes: you have to spend time with your family! This four-story complex elegantly sidesteps the issue by spreading out residents over its sprawling square footage.» → «The problem with large family homes: you have to spend time with your family! This four-floor complex elegantly sidesteps the issue by spreading out residents over its sprawling square footage.»
«The Society for the Conservation of Technological Improvements is worried about mounting criticism of excess technology in town. They'd like {OpOwner} to canvas the neighborhood and make sure Sims know that technology is cool, fun, and mostly safe. It would really help if {OpOwner} could convince several citizens to not vote against the Society's tech initiatives. When finished, report to City Hall for a reward!» → «The Society for the Conservation of Technological Improvements is worried about mounting criticism of excess technology in town. They'd like {OpOwner} to canvas the neighbourhood and make sure Sims know that technology is cool, fun, and mostly safe. It would really help if {OpOwner} could convince several citizens to not vote against the Society's tech initiatives. When finished, report to City Hall for a reward!»
«Spaghetti» → «Spaghetti Bolognese»
«Terribly unfunny dreams have crushed {0.SimFirstName}'s humorous spirit. For a while at least, {MA.he's}{FA.she's} got No Sense of Humor.» → «Terribly unfunny dreams have crushed {0.SimFirstName}'s humourous spirit. For a while at least, {MA.he's}{FA.she's} got No Sense of Humour.»
«Some Sims live by the motto: work, play with cats, eat, play with cats,  sleep, and play with cats. It can't get any better than that!» → «Some Sims live by the motto: work, play with cats, eat, play with cats, sleep, and play with cats. It can't get any better than that!»
«This picturesque hedge fence is only waist-high, but it makes a huge impression in the neighborhood! Border your yard with natural splendor for a reasonable cost with no maintenance required.» → «This picturesque hedge fence is only waist-high, but it makes a huge impression in the neighbourhood! Border your yard with natural splendor for a reasonable cost with no maintenance required.»
«{0.SimFirstName} was trying to finish a piece for the evening news today but was having a very hard time getting the right momentum. As she went to grab a drink of water, she accidentally tripped on the mail courier, landed on the mail cart and flew down the cubicle hall in a very ridiculous manner. {0.SimFirstName} eventually crashed into the administrative assistant and ended up in a comical pile of today's correspondence. Her co-workers were amused by this hilarious gesture, but fortunately the landing finally popped an idea into her head!  {0.SimFirstName}'s job performance goes up and so does her relationship with her co-workers!» → «{0.SimFirstName} was trying to finish a piece for the evening news today but was having a very hard time getting the right momentum. As she went to grab a drink of water, she accidentally tripped on the mail courier, landed on the mail cart and flew down the cubicle hall in a very ridiculous manner. {0.SimFirstName} eventually crashed into the administrative assistant and ended up in a comical pile of today's correspondence. Her co-workers were amused by this hilarious gesture, but fortunately the landing finally popped an idea into her head! {0.SimFirstName}'s job performance goes up and so does her relationship with her co-workers!»
«• Your pet will be more likely to chase the mailman.» → «• Your pet will be more likely to chase the postman.»
«Thanks to your extra muscle, the job was pulled off without any problems. Successful jobs mean money coming into The Organization. And as a stakeholder, that means money in your pocket. Please, accept our thanks.» → «Thanks to your extra muscle, the job was pulled off without any problems. Successful jobs mean money coming into The Organisation. And as a stakeholder, that means money in your pocket. Please, accept our thanks.»
«Setup is unable to detect an active internet connection. An active internet connection\\nis required to complete the de-authorization of this product on this computer.\\n\\nWould you like to continue?» → «Setup is unable to detect an active internet connection. An active internet connection\\nis required to complete the de-authorisation of this product on this computer.\\n\\nWould you like to continue?»
«Vehicles such as cars and bicycles can be purchased in the Buy Mode catalog. Having your own vehicle can help you get places a little quicker.» → «Vehicles such as cars and bicycles can be purchased in the Buy Mode catalogue. Having your own vehicle can help you get places a little quicker.»
«Werewolf Sims are in a constant battle to control their inner beast, especially when they’re first getting used to their Werewolf nature.  When their mood becomes too low, or when the full moon rises in the night sky, a forced transformation will be inevitable.» → «Werewolf Sims are in a constant battle to control their inner beast, especially when they’re first getting used to their Werewolf nature. When their mood becomes too low, or when the full moon rises in the night sky, a forced transformation will be inevitable.»
«Of course, every Werewolf wants to be the leader of the pack.  After earning enough Lifetime Happiness Points, this goal can be achieved with the Alpha Wolf Lifetime Reward.  Once this is acquired, the Werewolf becomes an unstoppable force, able to turn any human Sim into a Werewolf and strike fear into the hearts of all Sims in range of their new Terrifying Howl.» → «Of course, every Werewolf wants to be the leader of the pack. After earning enough Lifetime Happiness Points, this goal can be achieved with the Alpha Wolf Lifetime Reward. Once this is acquired, the Werewolf becomes an unstoppable force, able to turn any human Sim into a Werewolf and strike fear into the hearts of all Sims in range of their new Terrifying Howl.»
«Zoe» → «Zoë»
«Being this tired will even put horses in a bad mood.  {0.SimFirstName} should get some sleep before it gets worse!» → «Being this tired will even put horses in a bad mood. {0.SimFirstName} should get some sleep before it gets worse!»
«A pro athlete's job is to win, and to do that you've always got to be prepared for the next game.» → «A pro athlete's job is to win, and to do that you've always got to be prepared for the next match.»
«Town Center Winter Festival» → «Town Centre Winter Festival»
«Localization Testing Project Managers» → «Localisation Testing Project Managers»
«Hey, do you have UFO sightings in your country?  Just the other day a spaceship swooped by and sucked up a tree and small shrub. I wonder if they are going to plant those on some other planet?» → «Hey, do you have UFO sightings in your country? Just the other day a spaceship swooped by and sucked up a tree and small shrub. I wonder if they are going to plant those on some other planet?»
«Who are you again?  I'm kind of busy here.» → «Who are you again? I'm kind of busy here.»
«I've seen you somewhere before. Are you the new meditation mat repair technician?  You must be pretty busy around here, huh?» → «I've seen you somewhere before. Are you the new meditation mat repair technician? You must be pretty busy around here, huh?»
«Do you like it when someone tells you you're not allowed? Of course not! So break it to those stalkers, solicitors, and nosy neighbors gently with the Gentle Fence, the fence that tells them politely, "Sorry, we just don't have time for you today."» → «Do you like it when someone tells you you're not allowed? Of course not! So break it to those stalkers, solicitors, and nosy neighbours gently with the Gentle Fence, the fence that tells them politely, "Sorry, we just don't have time for you today."»
«It’s playoffs time! The next game will be the toughest you’ve played all season – it’s do or die time and the strength of the team lies with you. Win, and you’ll receive a hefty cash bonus. Lose, and nobody will remember your name.» → «It’s title decision time! The next match will be the toughest you’ve played all season – it’s do or die time and the strength of the team lies with you. Win, and you’ll receive a hefty cash bonus. Lose, and nobody will remember your name.»
«You didn't make it  to the party in time to help cater, and the Chef de Cuisine is not pleased! When you are asked to do something, do it quickly!» → «You didn't make it to the party in time to help cater, and the Chef de Cuisine is not pleased! When you are asked to do something, do it quickly!»
«You can now mark the distinction between manure and nitrates while inventing fertilizers. Exciting! More important than interesting smells is the fact that you and your boss have grown closer together with your shared knowledge of nitrates. Your job performance has also increased.» → «You can now mark the distinction between manure and nitrates while inventing Fertilisers. Exciting! More important than interesting smells is the fact that you and your boss have grown closer together with your shared knowledge of nitrates. Your job performance has also increased.»
«Enter the index of the first name to use.  Verify that the gender is correct.» → «Enter the index of the first name to use. Verify that the gender is correct.»
«Rotating doors are the coolest new accessory for your house or basement. Install one today and hideout from those pesky neighbors, family members, or repo men!» → «Rotating doors are the coolest new accessory for your house or basement. Install one today and hideout from those pesky neighbours, family members, or repo men!»
«This Plumbot has no Trait Chips installed. Add some Trait Chips to personalize this Plumbot's personality.» → «This Plumbot has no Trait Chips installed. Add some Trait Chips to personalise this Plumbot's personality.»
«The City Council is hosting another Grill-A-Thon in the park. All Sims with Cooking Skill are invited to come out and grill some food and share it with others around in order to foster kindness and neighborly feelings.» → «The City Council is hosting another Barbecue-A-Thon in the park. All Sims with Cooking Skill are invited to come out and grill some food and share it with others around in order to foster kindness and neighbourly feelings.»
«Saenz» → «Sáenz»
«The local team triumphed, plus the game was free! You learned quite a bit during the experience. Your school performance increased.» → «The local club triumphed, plus the match was free! You learned quite a bit during the experience. Your school performance increased.»
«Glowing wall panels are all the rage. Fill every inch of your rooms with a futuristic glow! Arasika’s doubled high-low flux oscillator technology scales and bends with your every need.» → «Glowing wall panels are all the rage. Fill every spot in your rooms with a futuristic glow! Arasika’s doubled high-low flux oscillator technology scales and bends with your every need.»
«Competing branches of The Organization are looking at {0.SimName} and her skills with eager eyes. The Department of Thievery thinks she's got a great sneak about her, as well as an eye for the real prize. The Ministry of Evil has other plans for {0.SimFirstName}. They think she has what it takes to lead The Organization to evil and world domination. What will it be? Thief or Evildoer?» → «Competing branches of The Organisation are looking at {0.SimName} and her skills with eager eyes. The Department of Thievery thinks she's got a great sneak about her, as well as an eye for the real prize. The Ministry of Evil has other plans for {0.SimFirstName}. They think she has what it takes to lead The Organisation to evil and world domination. What will it be? Thief or Evildoer?»
«{0.SimFirstName} isn't sure what {MA.his}{FA.her} romantic future holds, but those dreamy liasons made {MA.him}{FA.her} into a Great Kisser!» → «{0.SimFirstName} isn't sure what {MA.his}{FA.her} romantic future holds, but those dreamy liaisons made {MA.him}{FA.her} into a Great Kisser!»
«Warm Color Swatches» → «Warm Colour Swatches»
«It’s so great of you to share your wondrous Hot Dogs with your friends and neighbors, though it certainly doesn’t hurt that you can earn some money for doing so!» → «It’s so great of you to share your wondrous Hot Dogs with your friends and neighbours, though it certainly doesn’t hurt that you can earn some money for doing so!»
«This travel tent is the ultimate mobile bed that Simoleons can buy. Its ultra compact size and brilliant colors will show others that you no rookie when it comes to sleeping outdoors.» → «This travel tent is the ultimate mobile bed that Simoleons can buy. Its ultra compact size and brilliant colours will show others that you no rookie when it comes to sleeping outdoors.»
«Congratulations, {0.SimFirstName} has impressed the Celebrity {1.SimName}! Now they can socialize with each other.» → «Congratulations, {0.SimFirstName} has impressed the Celebrity {1.SimName}! Now they can socialise with each other.»
«(From Gussy Up)» → «(From Freshen Up)»
«It might just be superstition, but most Sims believe that having a green tongue from eating a lime snow cone is sure to bring you good luck!» → «It might just be superstition, but most Sims believe that having a green tongue from eating a lime sorbet is sure to bring you good luck!»
«Today, Scarab Corp is one of the largest producers of all desert themed merchandise. However, when they got their start 20 years ago in a small market stall, they specialized in torches. Rest assured that with 20 years of excellent sales, the Belsim Torch is one of the best.» → «Today, Scarab Corp is one of the largest producers of all desert themed merchandise. However, when they got their start 20 years ago in a small market stall, they specialised in torches. Rest assured that with 20 years of excellent sales, the Belsim Torch is one of the best.»
«Report Findings to the Time Traveler» → «Report Findings to the Time Traveller»
«Getting enough sleep can even put horses in a better mood!  Seriously, just ask {0.SimFirstName}!» → «Getting enough sleep can even put horses in a better mood! Seriously, just ask {0.SimFirstName}!»
«Honor Trophy» → «Honour Trophy»
«Create-a-Crepe» → «Create-a-Crêpe»
«Your Sim is the center of attention, and that's just how {MA.he}{FA.she} likes it!» → «Your Sim is the centre of attention, and that's just how {MA.he}{FA.she} likes it!»
«Once upon a time, creating a piece of elegant, high-end furniture meant artisans spent weeks carving intricate designs into fine wood. The Modernosity line of home furnishings embodies modern design through simple, unadorned furniture. Finally, you can enjoy modern grandeur without the guilty conscience that comes from employing the backbreaking labor of dozens of Sims.» → «Once upon a time, creating a piece of elegant, high-end furniture meant artisans spent weeks carving intricate designs into fine wood. The Modernosity line of home furnishings embodies modern design through simple, unadorned furniture. Finally, you can enjoy modern grandeur without the guilty conscience that comes from employing the backbreaking labour of dozens of Sims.»
«Civic Center» → «Civic Centre»
«{0.SimFirstName} is Adventurous, which means he'll be the most happy when traveling. (Hover over any trait in the Simology panel to see more benefits.)» → «{0.SimFirstName} is Adventurous, which means he'll be the most happy when travelling. (Hover over any trait in the Simology panel to see more benefits.)»
«Our missing sim does work at the diner…most days. According to the manager, the sim has been calling sick in order to attend auditions at the theater. It appears the missing Sim may just be a hopeful actor…which may be worse. I should search the theater.» → «Our missing sim does work at the eatery… most days. According to the manager, the sim has been calling sick in order to attend auditions at the theater. It appears the missing Sim may just be a hopeful actor…which may be worse. I should search the theater.»
«Prepared Traveler» → «Prepared Traveller»
«Missing Game!» → «Missing Game!»
«Shapiro» → «Kravchenko»
«Socialize a little. Take the time to get to know your clients.» → «Socialise a little. Take the time to get to know your clients.»
«{0.SimName} doesn't know any Sims well enough to invite them on a date!  Go out and get to know other Sims better.» → «{0.SimName} doesn't know any Sims well enough to invite them on a date! Go out and get to know other Sims better.»
«The organization ordered some... tools... that were unfortunately delivered to the {RabbitHoleName}. Go to the {RabbitHoleName}, pick up the tools, then bring them back to work with you. The Leader will reward you with a raise and relationship increase.» → «The organisation ordered some... tools... that were unfortunately delivered to the {RabbitHoleName}. Go to the {RabbitHoleName}, pick up the tools, then bring them back to work with you. The Leader will reward you with a raise and relationship increase.»
«(From Winning Sports Game)» → «(From Winning Sports Match)»
«The still-smoking remains of {0.SimName} were found by neighbors. Although the fire department was unable to determine the exact cause of the untimely demise, both arson and good-judgement were ruled out as possible suspects in the pending investigation. A closed urn service will be held for close family and friends.» → «The still-smoking remains of {0.SimName} were found by neighbours. Although the fire department was unable to determine the exact cause of the untimely demise, both arson and good-judgement were ruled out as possible suspects in the pending investigation. A closed urn service will be held for close family and friends.»
«{0.SimFirstName} was well into the dive before realizing that packing a picnic lunch was a terrible, terrible idea.» → «{0.SimFirstName} was well into the dive before realising that packing a picnic lunch was a terrible, terrible idea.»
«After {MA.his}{FA.her} journey, {0.SimFirstName} feels giddy and light-headed with excitement! ...Or is that cave madness?» → «After {MA.his}{FA.her} journey, {0.SimFirstName} feels giddy and light-headed with excitement! ...Or is that cave madness?»
«Accredited Adventurers are the rock stars of the adventuring community. Their steadfast courage, unending world knowledge, and ability to navigate the treacherous waters of cultural misunderstandings makes them the ultimate world travelers.» → «Accredited Adventurers are the rock stars of the adventuring community. Their steadfast courage, unending world knowledge, and ability to navigate the treacherous waters of cultural misunderstandings makes them the ultimate world travellers.»
«Sanctioned Travelers have a good amount of experience under their belt, and clearly grasp the basics of traveling and adventuring. They’re beginning to learn how to approach foreign cultures, but their general lack of experience stills holds them back from acceptance by the locals.» → «Sanctioned Travellers have a good amount of experience under their belt, and clearly grasp the basics of travelling and adventuring. They’re beginning to learn how to approach foreign cultures, but their general lack of experience stills holds them back from acceptance by the locals.»
«Move to Back Center Edge» → «Move to Back Centre Edge»
«The perfect accent for any domicile - the joyful color of Hedera Felix in a long festive box. Warning: young goats and sheep cannot resist eating this Ivy. Ivy leaves may also become lodged in the throats of rats, womrats and llamas. Ivy fluids are not recommended as a substitute for real food.» → «The perfect accent for any domicile - the joyful colour of Hedera Felix in a long festive box. Warning: young goats and sheep cannot resist eating this Ivy. Ivy leaves may also become lodged in the throats of rats, womrats and llamas. Ivy fluids are not recommended as a substitute for real food.»
«Mean Spirited Sims delight in anger and relationships gone awry. Determined to have a list of enemies a mile long, these Sims relish any opportunity to be nasty.» → «Mean Spirited Sims delight in anger and relationships gone awry. Determined to have a list of enemies a kilometre long, these Sims relish any opportunity to be nasty.»
«Munici-Pale Trashcan» → «Munici-Pale Waste Bin»
«Make your neighbors squint with the community’s brightest, most eye-catching billboard. Folks will trip over each other buying your product, both because it’s great and because they’re blind.» → «Make your neighbours squint with the community’s brightest, most eye-catching billboard. Folks will trip over each other buying your product, both because it’s great and because they’re blind.»
«Choose Material to Receive Colors» → «Choose Material to Receive Colours»
«Light: Set Color Green» → «Light: Set Colour Green»
«Gabrielson» → «Gabrielsson»
«Combining your favorite pop songs with the limitless fun of pushing flashing lights around on a video screen, Music Moves takes musical gaming to the next level.» → «Combining your favourite pop songs with the limitless fun of pushing flashing lights around on a video screen, Music Moves takes musical gaming to the next level.»
«Vacation in style in the Island Beach Bungalow resort guest rooms. If you're looking for charm look no further because this is the end of line when it comes to charm.» → «Holidays in style in the Island Beach Bungalow resort guest rooms. If you're looking for charm look no further because this is the end of line when it comes to charm.Look, we’re sorry; our poetry guy is on holiday right now.»
«Now that you're an elementary school teacher, you'll be responsible for shaping the minds of tomorrow. Your boss wants you to prepare by reading "Molding Young Minds". You'll gain valuable information, along with increased job performance and points with your boss.» → «Now that you're an elementary school teacher, you'll be responsible for shaping the minds of tomorrow. Your boss wants you to prepare by reading "Moulding Young Minds". You'll gain valuable information, along with increased job performance and points with your boss.»
«This is the current color option.» → «This is the current colour option.»
«It’s everyone’s favorite season: Summer! Your Sim wants to celebrate the season at the Summer Festival.» → «It’s everyone’s favourite season: Summer! Your Sim wants to celebrate the season at the Summer Festival.»
«Though a grueling game of dominoes only rarely decides things of importace--like town names--your Sim still puts on a game face for every match.» → «Though a grueling game of dominoes only rarely decides things of importace—like town names—your Sim still puts on a game face for every match.»
«In need of romantic advice and assistance in proving a historical rumor for my friend. We will pay well for a well rounded applicant. Adventurous Casanovas only to apply! Speak to {2.String} if interested.» → «In need of romantic advice and assistance in proving a historical rumour for my friend. We will pay well for a well rounded applicant. Adventurous Casanovas only to apply! Speak to {2.String} if interested.»
«Creating a likeness of a pet is perhaps the most difficult kind of painting. If one doesn't get the pet to sit still long enough to complete the painting,  it just won't look right!» → «Creating a likeness of a pet is perhaps the most difficult kind of painting. If one doesn't get the pet to sit still long enough to complete the painting, it just won't look right!»
«The citizens of {TownName} have made it a tradition to imbibe your world-class Nectar on every special occasion.  You've even received recognition from overseas.  It is with honor that the town presents you with the {1.String}!  Stop by City Hall at your earliest convenience to pick it up.» → «The citizens of {TownName} have made it a tradition to imbibe your world-class Nectar on every special occasion. You've even received recognition from overseas. It is with honour that the town presents you with the {1.String}! Stop by City Hall at your earliest convenience to pick it up.»
«Analyze Prints» → «Analyse Prints»
«One shouldn't throw away important relics.  One will have to find them again.» → «One shouldn't throw away important relics. One will have to find them again.»
«The only thing better than a refreshing beverage? How about enjoying that beverage while seated on this elegant barstool? With its non-staining, anti-absorbent upholstering and built-in stabilizing system, you and your guests can drink the night (or day) away worry-free!» → «The only thing better than a refreshing beverage? How about enjoying that beverage while seated on this elegant barstool? With its non-staining, anti-absorbent upholstering and built-in stabilising system, you and your guests can drink the night (or day) away worry-free!»
«A Ghost Hunter’s Banshee Banisher can be used to not only rid the neighborhood of unwanted paranormal infestations, but with enough practice one can capture collectible Spirits!\\n\\nWould you like to learn more about this career?» → «A Ghost Hunter’s Banshee Banisher can be used to not only rid the neighbourhood of unwanted paranormal infestations, but with enough practice one can capture collectible Spirits!\\n\\nWould you like to learn more about this career?»
«Play the old-school favorite, "Robots vs. Monsters!" When robots and monsters collide, it's quite a sight to behold. Battle to the scrapyard against a horde of metal-thirsty beasts trying to steal your robot parts for the purpose of cooking tastier monster entrees!» → «Play the old-school favourite, "Robots vs. Monsters!" When robots and monsters collide, it's quite a sight to behold. Battle to the scrapyard against a horde of metal-thirsty beasts trying to steal your robot parts for the purpose of cooking tastier monster entrees!»
«“Play in Contest” at the Theatre before time runs out to earn the cash prize.» → «“Play in Contest” at the Cinema before time runs out to earn the cash prize.»
«Have a Sprite Socialize with another Sprite» → «Have a Sprite Socialise with another Sprite»
«You need to focus on your job.  You didn’t include:» → «You need to focus on your job. You didn’t include:»
«In her younger days, Madame Janie roved the world as the pre-eminent coastal cartographer of her time. Having charted numerous fjords, bayous, and sloughs, Janie is remembered for having faced the many dangers of sea-faring life with a courage greater than most. Later in her life, after narrowly surviving countless attempts at trading with salty sea-gypsies, Janie developed a deep fondness for lighthouses, and is remembered for often saying, “They are the light that leads me back home.” Sadly, Janie met her unfortunate and ironic demise one foggy night after returning to a lighthouse-less port and wrecking her ship on its rocky shoals.» → «In her younger days, Madame Janie roved the world as the pre-eminent coastal cartographer of her time. Having charted numerous fjords, bayous, and sloughs, Janie is remembered for having faced the many dangers of sea-faring life with a courage greater than most. Later in her life, after narrowly surviving countless attempts at trading with salty mermaids, Janie developed a deep fondness for lighthouses, and is remembered for often saying, “They are the light that leads me back home.” Sadly, Janie met her unfortunate and ironic demise one foggy night after returning to a lighthouse-less port and wrecking her ship on its rocky shoals.»
«{0.SimFirstName} just looked at the latest footage and realized that it's a total disaster! {MA.He}{FA.She} could just let it go, or put in some extra work to reshoot the scene. What should {0.SimFirstName} do?» → «{0.SimFirstName} just looked at the latest footage and realised that it's a total disaster! {MA.He}{FA.She} could just let it go, or put in some extra work to reshoot the scene. What should {0.SimFirstName} do?»
«{0.SimName} Daycare score for the day = {1.Number}» → «{0.SimName} Nursery score for the day = {1.Number}»
«You really should spend more time talking to your customers, learning about their traits, customizing the house to their needs, and being careful how you arrange furniture.» → «You really should spend more time talking to your customers, learning about their traits, customising the house to their needs, and being careful how you arrange furniture.»
«Fernandez» → «Fernández»
«{0.SimName} died of hunger. It's so sad to see neighbors die of hunger, when they could have just called and asked for a sandwich.» → «{0.SimName} died of hunger. It's so sad to see neighbours die of hunger, when they could have just called and asked for a sandwich.»
«Your skills are needed at the {RabbitHoleName} to regulate the crowds at the International Organization of Criminals Dance Competition. You’ll need to tweak your athletic skills a bit before working, not to mention get your mood to a high, happy place. Cash and the respect of your accomplices are on the line.» → «Your skills are needed at the {RabbitHoleName} to regulate the crowds at the International Organisation of Criminals Dance Competition. You’ll need to tweak your athletic skills a bit before working, not to mention get your mood to a high, happy place. Cash and the respect of your accomplices are on the line.»
«15lbs of sugar, 30lbs of flour and one very large piping bag are used to craft this confectionary doorway. This entrance will dazzle your friends and have them begging to stay over for dessert. Doors open AND close!» → «1 stone sugar (7kg), 2 stone flour (14kg) and one very large piping bag are used to craft this confectionary doorway. This entrance will dazzle your friends and have them begging to stay over for dessert. Doors open AND close!»
«The perfect celebrity marriage gone wrong, Madeline kicked her famous singer husband out to the pool house and now lives with her new love interest, Finnegan. Does Finnegan truly love Madeline, or is he using her for a nice place to live and a leg up in his singing career? Was Madeline being too hasty in kicking her former husband to the curb?» → «The perfect celebrity marriage gone wrong, Madeline kicked her famous singer husband out to the pool house and now lives with her new love interest, Finnegan. Does Finnegan truly love Madeline, or is he using her for a nice place to live and a leg up in his singing career? Was Madeline being too hasty in kicking her former husband to the sidewalk?»
«{0.SimFirstName} was walking through a crowded amphitheater where a council meeting was taking place.  They were discussing whether to increase funding for {1.String}.  One of the dissenters was about to speak up but {0.SimFirstName} stepped on their foot by accident and while they were huffing the supporters gathered steam.  Hopefully this doesn't have any future ramifications.» → «{0.SimFirstName} was walking through a crowded amphitheater where a council meeting was taking place. They were discussing whether to increase funding for {1.String}. One of the dissenters was about to speak up but {0.SimFirstName} stepped on their foot by accident and while they were huffing the supporters gathered steam. Hopefully this doesn't have any future ramifications.»
«{0.SimFirstName} accidentally spoke up in a tavern debate about the importance of {1.String}.  {0.SimFirstName} managed to convince most of the people present how awesome {1.String} is.  Upon further thought, that may not have been the greatest idea.» → «{0.SimFirstName} accidentally spoke up in a tavern debate about the importance of {1.String}. {0.SimFirstName} managed to convince most of the people present how awesome {1.String} is. Upon further thought, that may not have been the greatest idea.»
«{1.SimName}'s parent was unhappy with {2.SimName}'s daycare. {2.SimName}'s daycare should consider taking better care of children if {MC.he}{FC.she} wants to continue being in business.» → «{1.SimName}'s parent was unhappy with {2.SimName}'s daycare. {2.SimName}'s nursery should consider taking better care of children if {MC.he}{FC.she} wants to continue being in business.»
«Kids never lie! {1.SimName} came home in a terrible mood on several occasions. {0.SimName} suspected {2.SimName}'s daycare was mistreating {MB.him}{FB.her}. {0.SimName} withdrew {1.SimName} from all daycare services.» → «Kids never lie! {1.SimName} came home in a terrible mood on several occasions. {0.SimName} suspected {2.SimName}'s nursery was mistreating {MB.him}{FB.her}. {0.SimName} withdrew {1.SimName} from all nursery services.»
«Parent {0.SimName} has withdrawn their little {1.SimName} from the daycare of {2.SimName} due to repeated bad service. {2.SimName} might want to learn how to take care of children before opening a business.» → «Parent {0.SimName} has withdrawn their little {1.SimName} from the nursery of {2.SimName} due to repeated bad service. {2.SimName} might want to learn how to take care of children before opening a business.»
«The Colors of Fame» → «The Colours of Fame»
«Went to a Dive Bar» → «Went to a Corner Pub»
«Diner...» → «Eatery...»
«For the industrious type, this 260 gallon acrylic mini spa hot tub is the most efficient answer for your recreational soaking and bubble massage needs. It features a self-regulating thermostat and water filtration and circulation system for the maximum hydrotherapy in a minimum space. Perfectly soothing every time.» → «For the industrious type, this 216 gallon (984L) acrylic mini spa hot tub is the most efficient answer for your recreational soaking and bubble massage needs. It features a self-regulating thermostat and water filtration and circulation system for the maximum hydrotherapy in a minimum space. Perfectly soothing every time.»
«Great Gooey Cheesesteaks» → «Great Gooey Philly Cheesesteaks»
«Blue Map Tags represent Community Locations, like the park. These are places where your Sim can go to socialize with neighbors and engage in other group activities.» → «Blue Map Tags represent Community Locations, like the park. These are places where your Sim can go to socialize with neighbours and engage in other group activities.»
«Map View lets you view the entire town and easily find neighbors and businesses. Use the filters to better refine your search. You can exit Map View the same way you enter it: by using the Map View button or by pressing the "M" key.» → «Map View lets you view the entire town and easily find neighbours and businesses. Use the filters to better refine your search. You can exit Map View the same way you enter it: by using the Map View button or by pressing the "M" key.»
«You placed a junkyard.  This place is perfect for finding Scrap and other treasures sims do not want anymore without having to deal with large crowds.» → «You placed a scrapyard. This place is perfect for finding Scrap and other treasures Sims do not want anymore without having to deal with large crowds.»
«Inventors can gather additional Scrap by Detonating the many Junk Piles at the junkyard.» → «Inventors can gather additional Scrap by Detonating the many Junk Piles at the scrapyard.»
«Inventors and sculptors should be particularly interested in visiting the junkyard to obtain Scrap for their creations.» → «Inventors and sculptors should be particularly interested in visiting the scrapyard to obtain Scrap for their creations.»
«The Junkyard is an excellent location for Sims with a scavenging mindset.  Any Sim can loot the Scrap that is dropped off here daily as well as find broken objects to be taken home and fixed.» → «The Scrapyard is an excellent location for Sims with a scavenging mindset. Any Sim can loot the Scrap that is dropped off here daily as well as find broken objects to be taken home and fixed.»
«Your boss asks you to take some shredded documents to dispose elsewhere because the office's "parted fibrous materials containment unit is almost half full." You'd better dispose of them quickly if you want to impress your boss!» → «Your boss asks you to take some shredded documents to dispose elsewhere because the office's "parted fibrous materials containment unit is almost half full." You'd better dispose of them quickly if you want to impress your boss!»
«Rebecca's Cafe» → «Rebecca's Café»
«Reach level 10 of the Inventing Skill and then wait for a special phone call.   Follow the opportunity chain and you’ll soon discover how to make the Ultimate Invention!» → «Reach level 10 of the Inventing Skill and then wait for a special phone call. Follow the opportunity chain and you’ll soon discover how to make the Ultimate Invention!»
«The Rodent Terrarium includes all the essentials a rodent needs on a day to day basis: a wheel, a place to climb, and a place to hide!  What more could a rodent ask for?» → «The Rodent Terrarium includes all the essentials a rodent needs on a day to day basis: a wheel, a place to climb, and a place to hide! What more could a rodent ask for?»
«Oh no!  It seems that there aren't any empty lots in this town. You can go back to play an occupied lot, or edit the town to free one up.» → «Oh no! It seems that there aren't any empty lots in this town. You can go back to play an occupied lot, or edit the town to free one up.»
«Looks like there's not enough space to play catch here. Bummer!» → «Looks like there's not enough space to throw ball here. Bummer!»
«There are a ton of posts from rabid fans, but each post and each user ID is tied to the same IP address -- {OpSource}'s. I think {OpSourceFirstName} may be a slight lunatic, or perhaps there are split personalities at play here. I should discuss this with {OpTarget}, a local doctor.» → «There are a ton of posts from rabid fans, but each post and each user ID is tied to the same IP address — {OpSource}'s. I think {OpSourceFirstName} may be a slight lunatic, or perhaps there are split personalities at play here. I should discuss this with {OpTarget}, a local doctor.»
«Your Sim has a full can of spray paint, and it’s possible someone in the neighborhood doesn’t know their name. Solve all these problems instantly: tag a wall!» → «Your Sim has a full can of spray paint, and it’s possible someone in the neighbourhood doesn’t know their name. Solve all these problems instantly: tag a wall!»
«I wish MorcuCorp would leave!  It's all a big conspiracy you see, between their secret leaders, the Landgraabs, and those Illsiminati guys!  They are taking over the world!» → «I wish MorcuCorp would leave! It's all a big conspiracy you see, between their secret leaders, the Landgraabs, and those Illsiminati guys! They are taking over the world!»
«This baby can withstand anything!  Built for maximum brawn, the P328’s solid adamantine frame is unyielding and can take on anything life throws your way. Even the cup holder is designed to stand up to today’s massive beverage containers. So go ahead and maximize yourself, the P328 can handle it.» → «This baby can withstand anything! Built for maximum brawn, the P328’s solid adamantine frame is unyielding and can take on anything life throws your way. Even the cup holder is designed to stand up to today’s massive beverage containers. So go ahead and maximise yourself, the P328 can handle it.»
«A crazed composer is holding a multi-day event at {OpTarget}. Her goal is to set a world record by having over 100 pianists play at once for an extended period of time. Won't {OpOwner} join in this cacophony?» → «A crazed composer is holding a multi-day event at {OpTarget}. Her goal is to set a world record by having over 100 pianists play at once for an extended period of time. Won't {OpOwner} join in this cacophony?»
«{OpSourceFirstName} wouldn't really have a problem with {OpTargetFirstName}, except {OpTargetFirstName} has a tendency to hog lab time and prioritize other lab requests lower than personal projects. If {OpOwner} can convince {OpTargetFirstName} to be fair with the lab time, {OpSourceFirstName} agrees to drop all hostility.» → «{OpSourceFirstName} wouldn't really have a problem with {OpTargetFirstName}, except {OpTargetFirstName} has a tendency to hog lab time and prioritise other lab requests lower than personal projects. If {OpOwner} can convince {OpTargetFirstName} to be fair with the lab time, {OpSourceFirstName} agrees to drop all hostility.»
«Your Sim has started a new relationship and, in a neighborhood like this, it definitely won't go unnoticed. \\n\\nWould you like to learn more about Romantic Visibility and Reputations?» → «Your Sim has started a new relationship and, in a neighbourhood like this, it definitely won't go unnoticed. \\n\\nWould you like to learn more about Romantic Visibility and Reputations?»
«All the kids at the School of Peace and Love are making donations to their favorite charities! Can I have {2.Money} to send to the Worldwide Llama Fund?» → «All the kids at the School of Peace and Love are making donations to their favourite charities! Can I have {2.Money} to send to the Worldwide Llama Fund?»
«Hi from the School of Peace and Love! There's a gardening competition next week and I want to win! Can I have {2.Money} for fertilizer?» → «Hi from the School of Peace and Love! There's a gardening competition next week and I want to win! Can I have {2.Money} for Fertiliser?»
«Serena Russo was thrilled about her new pad in Oasis Landing, until her lame grandmother insisted on “helping out.” BitBot’s constant labors have left her slightly spoiled.» → «Serena Russo was thrilled about her new pad in Oasis Landing, until her lame grandmother insisted on “helping out.” BitBot’s constant labours have left her slightly spoiled.»
«Designed by famed architect Froderick Moleshead, the City Park is a pastoral grove in the center of town.» → «Designed by famed architect Froderick Moleshead, the City Park is a pastoral grove in the centre of town.»
«This block comes from the ruins of an ancient civilization. It looks much as it did when it was new.» → «This block comes from the ruins of an ancient civilisation. It looks much as it did when it was new.»
«Use Get to Know on another Sim in the neighborhood.» → «Use Get to Know on another Sim in the neighbourhood.»
«Your cookies were the hit of the bake sale! People couldn’t get enough of the sweet, chewy morsels and butter filled bites. Hopefully you feel the satisfaction of a cookie well baked. Enjoy this money as payment!» → «Your biscuits were the hit of the bake sale! People couldn’t get enough of the sweet, chewy morsels and butter filled bites. Hopefully you feel the satisfaction of a biscuit well baked. Enjoy this money as payment!»
«As hard as {MA.he}{FA.she} tried, {0.SimName} just couldn't find any obvious clues in the illustrations. Maybe there was something more subtle at work? If {0.SimName} understood human painting better, it might help analyze the finer nuances of Ghost painting.» → «As hard as {MA.he}{FA.she} tried, {0.SimName} just couldn't find any obvious clues in the illustrations. Maybe there was something more subtle at work? If {0.SimName} understood human painting better, it might help analyse the finer nuances of Ghost painting.»
«The mailbox has already been booby trapped.» → «The postbox has already been booby trapped.»
«The Old Timey Tele does what it’s supposed to do, and does it well. It hears a lot about all this new HD and flat screen stuff, but the Old Timey was there when color first came onto the scene. That’s right, color! What does HD have on color? Absolutely nothing.» → «The Old Timey Tele does what it’s supposed to do, and does it well. It hears a lot about all this new HD and flat screen stuff, but the Old Timey was there when colour first came onto the scene. That’s right, colour! What does HD have on colour? Absolutely nothing.»
«{2.SimName} just got on the honor roll! {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember the day {MA.his}{FA.her} name was read off as one of the top students!» → «{2.SimName} just got on the honour roll! {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember the day {MA.his}{FA.her} name was read off as one of the top students!»
«Alma has been enjoying living with her good friend Blaise, but she just doesn't seem to be satisfied with her career in Education. Can she break the mold and figure out what it really is she's looking for in life?» → «Alma has been enjoying living with her good friend Blaise, but she just doesn't seem to be satisfied with her career in Education. Can she break the mould and figure out what it really is she's looking for in life?»
«Thanks for releasing me, {0.SimFirstName}!  It's nice to be out of that jar.  I'm going to move in with {1.SimFirstName}, there's plenty of room for the both of us.» → «Thanks for releasing me, {0.SimFirstName}! It's nice to be out of that jar. I'm going to move in with {1.SimFirstName}, there's plenty of room for the both of us.»
«Coat Color» → «Coat Colour»
«{2.SimName} just bought something from the consignment store. {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember spotting that gem among all the junk in the store!» → «{2.SimName} just bought something from the thrift shop. {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember spotting that gem among all the junk in the store!»
«Community High School» → «Community Secondary School»
«{0.String}  {1.String}» → «{0.String} {1.String}»
«Fossilized Apple» → «Fossilised Apple»
«Sims who perform great feats will be remembered throughout time with a Legacy Statue. Check your Time Almanac to see what it takes to be honored with a Statue.» → «Sims who perform great feats will be remembered throughout time with a Legacy Statue. Check your Time Almanac to see what it takes to be honoured with a Statue.»
«A casual capture the flag match held yesterday  provoked international tensions not seen since the Global Magician's Strike of '68. "We'll back down and stop saying mean things about their dodgy hairstyles," said a resident from the blue jersey country. "We just want our flag back!" The red jersey country did not comment.» → «A casual capture the flag match held yesterday provoked international tensions not seen since the Global Magician's Strike of '68. "We'll back down and stop saying mean things about their dodgy hairstyles," said a resident from the blue jersey country. "We just want our flag back!" The red jersey country did not comment.»
«International relief workers flooded the city of Castrova yesterday to help put out the blaze begun by an untended flame fruit crate. Though no residents were injured, damages to the city and personal belongings are said to be extensive. "I lost my furniture, my guitar... my pants," cried resident Feisal Catania. International aid organizations are hoping money can pay for new emotional comforts.» → «International relief workers flooded the city of Castrova yesterday to help put out the blaze begun by an untended flame fruit crate. Though no residents were injured, damages to the city and personal belongings are said to be extensive. "I lost my furniture, my guitar... my pants," cried resident Feisal Catania. International aid organisations are hoping money can pay for new emotional comforts.»
«The running event known as the Sim Run is set to begin tomorrow. The race, which spans 14 countries in 4 days, is widely referred to as "a fetid sampling of pain" by its participants. Sim Run organizers tried to obtain television coverage for this year's event, but were not able to find an interested network due to the "preponderance of sweaty people" found participating.» → «The running event known as the Sim Run is set to begin tomorrow. The race, which spans 14 countries in 4 days, is widely referred to as "a fetid sampling of pain" by its participants. Sim Run organisers tried to obtain television coverage for this year's event, but were not able to find an interested network due to the "preponderance of sweaty people" found participating.»
«Spring fever baby! Spring dance fever that is... {0.SimFirstName} has been named the Spring Dance King! His reward will be delivered by mail.» → «Spring fever baby! Spring dance fever that is... {0.SimFirstName} has been named the Spring Dance King! His reward will be delivered by post.»
«Many elixirs and alchemy ingredients can be purchased at the elixir store. Selling elixirs and other oddities here will net you some much needed Simoleons, plus the faster your items sell, the more Simoleons you can earn! Rumor has it there is increased demand for elixirs during the Full Moon.» → «Many elixirs and alchemy ingredients can be purchased at the elixir store. Selling elixirs and other oddities here will net you some much needed Simoleons, plus the faster your items sell, the more Simoleons you can earn! Rumour has it there is increased demand for elixirs during the Full Moon.»
«Edward can trace his fortune back four generations, to when his great-grandfather built one of the first venues in town. Unfortunately, his estate dropped in value a few decades ago when the property next door was purchased by the Best family, and the two families have been rivals since. Edward was delighted when Paul Best ended his marriage, as he hoped that this might mean that the Best Family would leave the neighborhood. Unfortunately, the opposite happened, and Edward was in for a shock when he drove home one day to see a moving van unloading the furniture of Evan Best’s family…» → «Edward can trace his fortune back four generations, to when his great-grandfather built one of the first venues in town. Unfortunately, his estate dropped in value a few decades ago when the property next door was purchased by the Best family, and the two families have been rivals since. Edward was delighted when Paul Best ended his marriage, as he hoped that this might mean that the Best Family would leave the neighbourhood. Unfortunately, the opposite happened, and Edward was in for a shock when he drove home one day to see a moving van unloading the furniture of Evan Best’s family…»
«Nestled within an aged wood-like material guaranteed to be nearly 99% perfectly harmless and pieced together with precision using 2-1/4" recycled nails salvaged from the depths of the icy northern waters, this window is lovingly hand etched by machine controlled laser systems.  Nothing says superior craftsmanship better than an assembly line of finely tuned robotic arms caring for every detail of your window.» → «Nestled within an aged wood-like material guaranteed to be nearly 99% perfectly harmless and pieced together with precision using 7cm recycled nails salvaged from the depths of the icy northern waters, this window is lovingly hand etched by machine controlled laser systems. Nothing says superior craftsmanship better than an assembly line of finely tuned robotic arms caring for every detail of your window.»
«Your Sim wants to take a Bass Skill class to learn the skill. Visit the Theatre to enroll in the class.» → «Your Sim wants to take a Bass Skill class to learn the skill. Visit the Cinema to enroll in the class.»
«It’s magnificent! Words cannot describe – at least adequately – the sheer majesty of your piece. Long, boring meetings can now be spent gazing upon the perfect brushstrokes and innovative color choices, as well as devising clever ways to spend the money earned by your new raise.» → «It’s magnificent! Words cannot describe – at least adequately – the sheer majesty of your piece. Long, boring meetings can now be spent gazing upon the perfect brushstrokes and innovative colour choices, as well as devising clever ways to spend the money earned by your new raise.»
«Fossilized Lime» → «Fossilised Lime»
«You won! You won! The crowd’s going wild! You were an absolute fiend on the field, an incredible tour de force of athletic perfection. You’ve earned the cash!» → «You won! You won! The crowd’s going wild! You were an absolute fiend on the pitch, an incredible tour de force of athletic perfection. You’ve earned the cash!»
«Have a Sprite Socialize with {1.SimName}'s Sprite» → «Have a Sprite Socialise with {1.SimName}'s Sprite»
«Gather all your nosey neighbors around the Scuttlebutt fence for a spirited exchange of gossip and hearsay. And did you hear? Scuttlebutt isn’t made locally, but actually manufactured in some two-bit rumor mill three towns over.» → «Gather all your nosey neighbours around the Scuttlebutt fence for a spirited exchange of gossip and hearsay. And did you hear? Scuttlebutt isn’t made locally, but actually manufactured in some two-bit rumour mill three towns over.»
«Leading your horse around gives them a sense of security and shows them that you care. Your Sim wants to lead a horse.» → «Leading your horse around gives them a sense of security and shows them that you care. Your Sim wants to lead a horse.»
«A big party just booked a reservation for this week, and the kitchen doesn't think they can handle the influx of appetites. The Chef needs you to bring in two Group Servings of {RecipeName} the next time you come to work . The Chef promises he'll make a note on your performance, and take the time to improve your cooking skills.» → «A big party just booked a reservation for this week, and the kitchen doesn't think they can handle the influx of appetites. The Chef needs you to bring in two Group Servings of {RecipeName} the next time you come to work . The Chef promises he'll make a note on your performance, and take the time to improve your cooking skills.»
«Visit Sorority With...» → «Visit Women's College With...»
«Went to the Theatre» → «Went to the Cinema»
«Nighttime is a vampire's favorite time to play, free from the damaging rays of the sun. Your Sim wants to show off {MA.his}{FA.her} super-fast running skills at night! Use the Vampire Run to demonstrate {MA.his}{FA.her} special run.» → «Nighttime is a vampire's favourite time to play, free from the damaging rays of the sun. Your Sim wants to show off {MA.his}{FA.her} super-fast running skills at night! Use the Vampire Run to demonstrate {MA.his}{FA.her} special run.»
«Set Star Light Color» → «Set Star Light Colour»
«Your musical abilities are really rocking! The Theatre owner is really impressed by your talent and wants you to have this new composition to see how you perform it!» → «Your musical abilities are really rocking! The Cinema owner is really impressed by your talent and wants you to have this new composition to see how you perform it!»
«This little wooden pony is brightly colored and cheerfully attired. He was carved in the spring, and painted in the summer. In the fall he became a girl child’s favorite plaything. But now, winter is coming. Will this little pony keep his bright colors through the bitter winds of winter? Let us hope so.» → «This little wooden pony is brightly coloured and cheerfully attired. He was carved in the spring, and painted in the summer. In the fall he became a girl child’s favourite plaything. But now, winter is coming. Will this little pony keep his bright colours through the bitter winds of winter? Let us hope so.»
«A girl from the in crowd called {0.SimFirstName} a “loser” today at school, and now everyone at school is gossiping about it! {0.SimFirstName}’s reputation is seriously suffering and not much can be done to quell the rumors. Maybe she is a loser?» → «A girl from the in crowd called {0.SimFirstName} a “loser” today at school, and now everyone at school is gossiping about it! {0.SimFirstName}’s reputation is seriously suffering and not much can be done to quell the rumours. Maybe she is a loser?»
«Learning about your neighbors is a great way to build community. Your Sim wants to ask someone what they do for a living.» → «Learning about your neighbours is a great way to build community. Your Sim wants to ask someone what they do for a living.»
«Standardized Test Standards» → «Standardised Test Standards»
«While traveling through the asteroid belt, {0.SimFirstName} came across a debris field of old space junk. Suddenly an object caught {MA.his}{FA.her} eye... It appeared to be another UFO, but clearly an older model that had long since been abandoned to rot. A shiver ran up {0.SimFirstName}'s spine -- something about this derelict craft seemed familiar. Suddenly it struck {MA.him}{FA.her}! {MA.He}{FA.She} was absolutely certain that {MA.he'd}{FA.she'd} seen the same UFO crashed high up in the branches of a tree during {MA.his}{FA.her} youth!» → «While travelling through the asteroid belt, {0.SimFirstName} came across a debris field of old space junk. Suddenly an object caught {MA.his}{FA.her} eye... It appeared to be another UFO, but clearly an older model that had long since been abandoned to rot. A shiver ran up {0.SimFirstName}'s spine — something about this derelict craft seemed familiar. Suddenly it struck {MA.him}{FA.her}! {MA.He}{FA.She} was absolutely certain that {MA.he'd}{FA.she'd} seen the same UFO crashed high up in the branches of a tree during {MA.his}{FA.her} youth!»
«As {0.SimFirstName} emerged from the asteroid belt, {MA.he}{FA.she} flicked on the autopilot and leaned back to relax in the pilot's chair. As {MA.he}{FA.she} gazed up through the glass dome, {MA.he}{FA.she} came to the startling realization that there were no stars visible directly above {MA.him}{FA.her}. Suddenly alarm panels blared as the instruments on the dashboard went haywire; {MA.he}{FA.she} was unwittingly being sucked directly into a massive black hole! In a swift move, {0.SimFirstName} diverted all power from the ship's engines to the abduction beam, creating a powerful suction field directed at the asteroid field {MA.he}{FA.she}'d just left behind. Thankfully {MA.he}{FA.she} was on the outskirt's of the black hole's gravitational pull, and the quick maneuver was just enough to make an escape.» → «As {0.SimFirstName} emerged from the asteroid belt, {MA.he}{FA.she} flicked on the autopilot and leaned back to relax in the pilot's chair. As {MA.he}{FA.she} gazed up through the glass dome, {MA.he}{FA.she} came to the startling realisation that there were no stars visible directly above {MA.him}{FA.her}. Suddenly alarm panels blared as the instruments on the dashboard went haywire; {MA.he}{FA.she} was unwittingly being sucked directly into a massive black hole! In a swift move, {0.SimFirstName} diverted all power from the ship's engines to the abduction beam, creating a powerful suction field directed at the asteroid field {MA.he}{FA.she}'d just left behind. Thankfully {MA.he}{FA.she} was on the outskirt's of the black hole's gravitational pull, and the quick maneuver was just enough to make an escape.»
«{0.SimFirstName} successfully navigated the asteroid field, even though the odds against it were approximately 3,720 to 1.» → «{0.SimFirstName} successfully navigated the asteroid field, even though the odds to get through were approximately 3,720.00.»
«{0.SimFirstName} settled inside one of the larger asteroids to look around. No sooner had {MA.he}{FA.she} started exploring when the cave began to shudder and collapse. On the flight out, {0.SimFirstName} realized that it was no cave! {MA.He}{FA.She} had landed in the mouth of a giant space slug!» → «{0.SimFirstName} settled inside one of the larger asteroids to look around. No sooner had {MA.he}{FA.she} started exploring when the cave began to shudder and collapse. On the flight out, {0.SimFirstName} realised that it was no cave! {MA.He}{FA.She} had landed in the mouth of a giant space slug!»
«Socialize» → «Socialise»
«A dollop of Orange Dew made a grand transformation on {0.SimName}! Orange {MA.he}{FA.she} glad {MA.he}{FA.she} chose this color?» → «A dollop of Orange Dew made a grand transformation on {0.SimName}! Orange {MA.he}{FA.she} glad {MA.he}{FA.she} chose this colour?»
«Hotspots are the center of the nightlife action! Your Sim wants to go to some hotspots. Check the newspaper or gossip with another Sim to find out where most Sims are going to be tonight.» → «Hotspots are the centre of the nightlife action! Your Sim wants to go to some hotspots. Check the newspaper or gossip with another Sim to find out where most Sims are going to be tonight.»
«While visiting ancient Egypt, {0.SimFirstName} found a tablet and read the inscription aloud.  It turned out to be a method to cure mummyism and now {0.SimFirstName} is accidentally cured!  Hooray?» → «While visiting ancient Egypt, {0.SimFirstName} found a tablet and read the inscription aloud. It turned out to be a method to cure mummyism and now {0.SimFirstName} is accidentally cured! Hooray?»
«{0.SimName} went on an adventure to find fairies and all {MA.he}{FA.she} could find were some seeds. Maybe next time.» → «{0.SimName} went on an adventure to find fairies and all {MA.he}{FA.she} could find were some seeds. Maybe next time.»
«Great neighbors make suburban life bearable. Your Sim wants to be invited over by a neighbor to enjoy neighborhood activities. Become friends with someone and await their invitation!» → «Great neighbours make suburban life bearable. Your Sim wants to be invited over by a neighbour to enjoy neighbourhood activities. Become friends with someone and await their invitation!»
«This deluxe home is great for any large family of Sims - or pets! The outdoorsy type will love the homey barn for horses and the large back deck for hosting parties. Notable features include an elegant full size dining room complete with marble tiled fireplace, not to mention the built in library. A kitchen with island counters makes the perfect space for serving a quick cozy meal.» → «This deluxe home is great for any large family of Sims - or pets! The outdoorsy type will love the homey barn for horses and the large back deck for hosting parties. Notable features include an elegant full size dining room complete with marble tiled fireplace, not to mention the built in library. A kitchen with island counters makes the perfect space for serving a quick cosy meal.»
«Ah, if it isn’t the famous writer {0.SimFirstName}! I’m a huge fan of your work! It is an honor present you with the {1.String}! You are the top writer in {TownName}, you know. What is it you’re writing next? Perhaps you could write a novel about a humble Mayor who goes trekking in the mountains of Shang Sim La with a pack of llamas? Or maybe a short story about a fashionable government executive who finds true love while vacationing amid the Nectaries of Champs Les Sims? Hmm?» → «Ah, if it isn’t the famous writer {0.SimFirstName}! I’m a huge fan of your work! It is an honour present you with the {1.String}! You are the top writer in {TownName}, you know. What is it you’re writing next? Perhaps you could write a novel about a humble Mayor who goes trekking in the mountains of Shang Sim La with a pack of llamas? Or maybe a short story about a fashionable government executive who finds true love while vacationing amid the Nectaries of Champs Les Sims? Hmm?»
«Mom's telling you to pick up your dirty clothes and dad wants you to finish your homework. To heck with that! The Lil' Rebel Clothing Chucker dispenses the provocative threads you need to make a statement, and that statement is "I don't have to listen to you!"» → «Mum's telling you to pick up your dirty clothes and dad wants you to finish your homework. To heck with that! The Lil' Rebel Clothing Chucker dispenses the provocative threads you need to make a statement, and that statement is "I don't have to listen to you!"»
«In an amazing come from behind victory, {1.String} overtook all competitors to win the {2.String} and a sizable prize. "We were like one creature out there -- one strange creature with four hooves, two hands, and two feet," said rider {0.String}.» → «In an amazing come from behind victory, {1.String} overtook all competitors to win the {2.String} and a sizable prize. "We were like one creature out there — one strange creature with four hooves, two hands, and two feet," said rider {0.String}.»
«In a record-breaking finish, {1.String} and rider {0.String} won in the {2.String}. "Who would have thought they could do it?" said one man who watched the competition. "Certainly not me. But then again I'm an idiot." Other spectators agreed that the man's idiocy truly knows no bounds.» → «In a record-breaking finish, {1.String} and rider {0.String} won in the {2.String}. "Who would have thought they could do it?" said one lad who watched the competition. "Certainly not me. But then again I'm an idiot." Other spectators agreed that the man's idiocy truly knows no bounds.»
«At last a book.  Judging by the symbol emblazoned on the front and age, this might be something like the Queen's personal records.  {1.SimFirstName} should take this back to {2.String} immediately!» → «At last a book. Judging by the symbol emblazoned on the front and age, this might be something like the Queen's personal records. {1.SimFirstName} should take this back to {2.String} immediately!»
«Hard work and a nose to the books pays off with the satisfactory acceptance into the Honor Roll.» → «Hard work and a nose to the books pays off with the satisfactory acceptance into the Honour Roll.»
«If your Sim wants to be immortalized and famous in the Future, there is no better way to accomplish this than to earn a Legacy Statue! There are five different statues your Sims can have recreated in their image by performing different tasks in the present day. By doing these things in the present, your Sim helps change the course of the Future!» → «If your Sim wants to be immortalised and famous in the Future, there is no better way to accomplish this than to earn a Legacy Statue! There are five different statues your Sims can have recreated in their image by performing different tasks in the present day. By doing these things in the present, your Sim helps change the course of the Future!»
«Masterful! You were able to beat Argyle Sinclair’s previous record of a two move victory and defeat him in only a single move. The crowd was stunned – there wasn’t a closed mouth in the Theatre as the audience watched with jaws dropped. You are the chess champion now... and a richer Sim!» → «Masterful! You were able to beat Argyle Sinclair’s previous record of a two move victory and defeat him in only a single move. The crowd was stunned – there wasn’t a closed mouth in the Cinema as the audience watched with jaws dropped. You are the chess champion now... and a richer Sim!»
«Hey, welcome to the neighborhood! I just stopped by to... Oh my! What happened here? You weren’t playing with fire, were you!? Hey, you want me to help clean up?» → «Hey, welcome to the neighbourhood! I just stopped by to... Oh my! What happened here? You weren’t playing with fire, were you!? Hey, you want me to help clean up?»
«Your cat feels like stirring up some trouble, and scaring a bird should be fun!  Your cat wants to attack a bird.» → «Your cat feels like stirring up some trouble, and scaring a bird should be fun! Your cat wants to attack a bird.»
«Place this mirror on the wall and admire the perfect colors of your skin, hair, and lips. You are, most likely, the fairest person in the room! And, though there is always someone in the world more beautiful than you, take heart in the fact that this mirror can never tell you who that person is.» → «Place this mirror on the wall and admire the perfect colours of your skin, hair, and lips. You are, most likely, the fairest person in the room! And, though there is always someone in the world more beautiful than you, take heart in the fact that this mirror can never tell you who that person is.»
«You placed a Junkyard. This place is perfect for finding Scrap and other treasures Sims do not want anymore.» → «You placed a Scrapyard. This place is perfect for finding Scrap and other treasures Sims do not want anymore.»
«It's good to have fruits and vegetables as part of your diet,  but you just can't beat a good stack of hay as a source of nourishment. Your horse wants to eat hay to stave off their hunger.» → «It's good to have fruits and vegetables as part of your diet, but you just can't beat a good stack of hay as a source of nourishment. Your horse wants to eat hay to stave off their hunger.»
«Mark as Favorite Sleeping Spot» → «Mark as Favourite Sleeping Spot»
«{0.SimFirstName} is so musically talented.  Thanks for taking that into account.» → «{0.SimFirstName} is so musically talented. Thanks for taking that into account.»
«{0.SimFirstName} is thrilled to be a member of the {1.String} household!  The days of stealing food, loitering, and fertilizing random yards are a thing of the past!» → «{0.SimFirstName} is thrilled to be a member of the {1.String} household! The days of stealing food, loitering, and fertilising random yards are a thing of the past!»
«{0.SimFirstName} has accomplished an amazing feat of botany and agricultural science!  Few gardeners can boast produce that tastes as fresh and looks as good as {0.SimFirstName}'s harvest. Well done!  \n\nCheck the gardening journal for Skill Challenges to refine {0.SimFirstName}'s gardening skills further!  \n\n{0.SimFirstName} can now grow the Omni Plant.» → «{0.SimFirstName} has accomplished an amazing feat of botany and agricultural science! Few gardeners can boast produce that tastes as fresh and looks as good as {0.SimFirstName}'s harvest. Well done! \n\nCheck the gardening journal for Skill Challenges to refine {0.SimFirstName}'s gardening skills further! \n\n{0.SimFirstName} can now grow the Omni Plant.»
«The grocery store has started selling fireworks bundles! Get more boom for your buck while you can!» → «The supermarket has started selling fireworks bundles! Get more boom for your buck while you can!»
«Once a fashionable resort for Sims seeking curative waters, Beachwood Springs now caters to mature Sims seeking moderately priced housing close to the hospital.  Nevertheless, a caretaker remains in residence and dreams of the faded grandeur of the resort’s glory days.» → «Once a fashionable resort for Sims seeking curative waters, Beachwood Springs now caters to mature Sims seeking moderately priced housing close to the hospital. Nevertheless, a caretaker remains in residence and dreams of the faded grandeur of the resort’s glory days.»
«Move to Left Center Edge» → «Move to Left Centre Edge»
«Dominguez» → «Domínguez»
«Subway Grate» → «Underground Metro Grate»
«A little reading never hurts, now does it?  You're a better chef and a better employee. Not too shabby for a little peaceful reading.» → «A little reading never hurts, now does it? You're a better chef and a better employee. Not too shabby for a little peaceful reading.»
«Thanks the efforts of you, {0.SimFirstName}, {3.Number} missing Sims have been reunited with their families! You are truly an asset to the community of {TownName} and it is my great honor to present you with the {1.String} in recognition of your deeds. {TownName} is in your debt!» → «Thanks the efforts of you, {0.SimFirstName}, {3.Number} missing Sims have been reunited with their families! You are truly an asset to the community of {TownName} and it is my great honour to present you with the {1.String} in recognition of your deeds. {TownName} is in your debt!»
«Whoa, slow down!  {0.SimFirstName} is too scared to explore further right now. Take some time off outside or back in a safe area, and wait for {0.SimFirstName}'s Fear moodlet to go away!» → «Whoa, slow down! {0.SimFirstName} is too scared to explore further right now. Take some time off outside or back in a safe area, and wait for {0.SimFirstName}'s Fear moodlet to go away!»
«With the force of a mighty tempest, these three fixtures will rain down a tremendous storm of pleasing, diffused light upon your house. There will be no escape from their gentle glow, nor the cozy feeling they provide. Install the Conical Lightstorm and bask in furious comfort.» → «With the force of a mighty tempest, these three fixtures will rain down a tremendous storm of pleasing, diffused light upon your house. There will be no escape from their gentle glow, nor the cosy feeling they provide. Install the Conical Lightstorm and bask in furious comfort.»
«Diagonally-Quartered Floor with Rotated Center Square» → «Diagonally-Quartered Floor with Rotated Centre Square»
«Elementary School» → «Primary School»
«Buster is a good hearted man that just can’t seem to catch a break living in the city. Maybe someday he’ll make it and be able to teach the young starlets a thing or two about hard work!» → «Buster is a good hearted lad that just can’t seem to catch a break living in the city. Maybe someday he’ll make it and be able to teach the young starlets a thing or two about hard work!»
«All fear the mighty Slade! Guffaw at Poseidon's paltry influence as you cleave his nugatory waves, Slade evermore your trusty steed! Darn the currents, curse the interminable briny expanse, and meet head-on any who dare impugn Slade's honor! Kids love it too!» → «All fear the mighty Slade! Guffaw at Poseidon's paltry influence as you cleave his nugatory waves, Slade evermore your trusty steed! Darn the currents, curse the interminable briny expanse, and meet head-on any who dare impugn Slade's honour! Kids love it too!»
«{OpOwner} didn't quite make it. The organizers contacted the participants to let them know all the prizes have been collected. So sorry!» → «{OpOwner} didn't quite make it. The organisers contacted the participants to let them know all the prizes have been collected. So sorry!»
«Sopha Soft’s top-of-the-line sectional with its sleek, sophisticated lines is easy on the eyes AND the backside. Whether lounging at a party, cuddling up to watch a movie, or kicking back to watch the big game, you’ll always be Sopha Soft stylish and comfortable!» → «Sopha Soft’s top-of-the-line sectional with its sleek, sophisticated lines is easy on the eyes AND the backside. Whether lounging at a party, cuddling up to watch a movie, or kicking back to watch the big match, you’ll always be Sopha Soft stylish and comfortable!»
«{0.SimFirstName} has used every fertilizer in his inventory but there are still plants to left to fertilize.» → «{0.SimFirstName} has used every Fertiliser in his inventory but there are still plants to left to Fertilise.»
«When your Sim meets another Sim with a compatible Astrological Sign, the planets will align for romance!  Your Sim wants to make an instant connection by meeting a Sim of a certain Astrological Sign.» → «When your Sim meets another Sim with a compatible Astrological Sign, the planets will align for romance! Your Sim wants to make an instant connection by meeting a Sim of a certain Astrological Sign.»
«{0.SimFirstName} now earns money by performing concerts at the Stadium and Theatre!» → «{0.SimFirstName} now earns money by performing concerts at the Stadium and Cinema!»
«Nothing screams "good time" like rolling around in a big pile of trash!  Your pet wants to Play in the Trash Pile.» → «Nothing screams "good time" like rolling around in a big pile of trash! Your pet wants to Play in the Trash Pile.»
«Go to a Dive Bar» → «Go to a Corner Pub»
«Suave Sellers are able to sell their goods for a higher price at local stores and the Consignment Store.» → «Suave Sellers are able to sell their goods for a higher price at local stores and the Thrift Shop.»
«Mermaids can eat regular food, but they prefer things that come from the sea, like fish and kelp. Kelp can be harvested on dive lots or purchased at the grocery store.» → «Mermaids can eat regular food, but they prefer things that come from the sea, like fish and kelp. Kelp can be harvested on dive lots or purchased at the supermarket.»
«With the cutting edge of modern nano-technology, the Workforce Warrior expand into anything your bottom line desires. It’s a briefcase, desk, and a projector wrapped up in one sleek article!\n\nUniversity Business Majors tote this around so they can seize every opportunity to maximize their academic performance!» → «With the cutting edge of modern nano-technology, the Workforce Warrior expand into anything your bottom line desires. It’s a briefcase, desk, and a projector wrapped up in one sleek article!\n\nUniversity Business Majors tote this around so they can seize every opportunity to maximise their academic performance!»
«Become Immortalized as the {1.String} Statue» → «Become Immortalised as the {1.String} Statue»
«This handy-dandy special effects kit packs a PUNCH!  Dazzling displays of pyrotechnic perfection will force you to gaze in astonishment as these coruscating concoctions flood the room with radiance. Guaranteed to take the most mundane parties or performances and transform them into a spectacle that Sims will be talking about for days.» → «This handy-dandy special effects kit packs a PUNCH! Dazzling displays of pyrotechnic perfection will force you to gaze in astonishment as these coruscating concoctions flood the room with radiance. Guaranteed to take the most mundane parties or performances and transform them into a spectacle that Sims will be talking about for days.»
«Though she was head over heels in love with Charlie when they first met, years with a man who loved fame and fortune as much as his wife took its toll on their marriage. Madeline often attracts men who are more interested in money than her, but she doesn’t mind as she knows this type of men will get under Charlie’s skin. After forcing Charlie to the pool house, she felt compelled to further punish him by letting Finnegan move in. Madeline may be old, but she attempts to hide it with a youthful vibe and a steady stream of plastic surgery.» → «Though she was head over heels in love with Charlie when they first met, years with a lad who loved fame and fortune as much as his wife took its toll on their marriage. Madeline often attracts men who are more interested in money than her, but she doesn’t mind as she knows this type of men will get under Charlie’s skin. After forcing Charlie to the pool house, she felt compelled to further punish him by letting Finnegan move in. Madeline may be old, but she attempts to hide it with a youthful vibe and a steady stream of plastic surgery.»
«Reminiscent of cabinet islands from the classic plantation kitchens, the Chuck Wagon Cabinet Island has it all. Complete with three clearly labeled partitions for grub, fixins, and vittles. Such organization will have you yelling “Chow’s on!” in no time.» → «Reminiscent of cabinet islands from the classic plantation kitchens, the Chuck Wagon Cabinet Island has it all. Complete with three clearly labeled partitions for grub, fixins, and vittles. Such organisation will have you yelling “Chow’s on!” in no time.»
«Play a four-player game of pool» → «Play a four-player game of snooker»
«Oh man! {1.SimFirstName} totally forgot about returning this book that she borrowed from her neighbor.  Oh well, as they say, better late than never!» → «Oh man! {1.SimFirstName} totally forgot about returning this book that she borrowed from her neighbour. Oh well, as they say, better late than never!»
«{0.SimFirstName} is completely out of magic power!  How is a Unicorn supposed to cast spells with no power?  Guess {MA.he}{FA.she}'s just going to have to wait it out.» → «{0.SimFirstName} is completely out of magic power! How is a Unicorn supposed to cast spells with no power? Guess {MA.he}{FA.she}'s just going to have to wait it out.»
«{2.SimName} has just learned how to Roll Over!  {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember the feeling of being praised for a job well done. A feeling that {MA.he}{FA.she} won’t forget about anytime soon.» → «{2.SimName} has just learned how to Roll Over! {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember the feeling of being praised for a job well done. A feeling that {MA.he}{FA.she} won’t forget about anytime soon.»
«Start High School» → «Start Secondary School»
«Equestrian Center» → «Equestrian Centre»
«Alexander Knobbs presents another of his award winning entrance designs with his Knobbs Double Door. According to Knobbs, his great-great-great-great-grandfather was the first man to put knobs on a door, a design choice that is reflected in all Knobbs products to this day. It probably isn’t true, though.» → «Alexander Knobbs presents another of his award winning entrance designs with his Knobbs Double Door. According to Knobbs, his great-great-great-great-grandfather was the first lad to put knobs on a door, a design choice that is reflected in all Knobbs products to this day. It probably isn’t true, though.»
«When you think of a barn door perhaps you envision a weather, cracked, moldering piece of ancient wood. Thoughts like this sadden the good folks at FarmCo. They build their barn doors to last! Weather, fire, hoards of angry llamas, none of these things can damage the fine craftsmanship and quality found in a FarmCo. barn door!» → «When you think of a barn door perhaps you envision a weather, cracked, mouldering piece of ancient wood. Thoughts like this sadden the good folks at FarmCo. They build their barn doors to last! Weather, fire, hoards of angry llamas, none of these things can damage the fine craftsmanship and quality found in a FarmCo. barn door!»
«Fairies have a natural green thumb that’ll make others jealous with their pristine lawns and green gardens. But even for fairies it’s not easy to tame the lawn and make it their own. It requires a lot of practice and even more patience to reap the reward of having a yard that’s the envy of the neighborhood.» → «Fairies have a natural green thumb that’ll make others jealous with their pristine lawns and green gardens. But even for fairies it’s not easy to tame the lawn and make it their own. It requires a lot of practice and even more patience to reap the reward of having a yard that’s the envy of the neighbourhood.»
«Aromas from the plains of the Serengeti, oils from the rivers of Egypt, and fabrics woven by the hands of the world's finest artisans were our inspiration!  Our simulated accoutrement technology is ready to be put to the test in this first ever display for public acquisition.  Warning:  All shelved items are for display purposes only.  Please do not ingest display items or come within 2-1/2 feet of the display.» → «Aromas from the plains of the Serengeti, oils from the rivers of Egypt, and fabrics woven by the hands of the world's finest artisans were our inspiration! Our simulated accoutrement technology is ready to be put to the test in this first ever display for public acquisition. Warning: All shelved items are for display purposes only. Please do not ingest display items or come within 60-75cm of the display.»
«That isn't thunder, it's your pet's stomach growling!  Your pet is hungry, and it looks like no one's bothered to fill the food bowl… again.  Your Pet wants to Beg for Food!» → «That isn't thunder, it's your pet's stomach growling! Your pet is hungry, and it looks like no one's bothered to fill the food bowl… again. Your Pet wants to Beg for Food!»
«New Hair Color» → «New Hair Colour»
«{0.SimFirstName} will be mailed books from the book club on {1.String}» → «{0.SimFirstName} will be posted books from the book club on {1.String}»
«Sometimes 'cozy' is a synonym for cheap. But in this case it means 'cute'. Really.» → «Sometimes 'cosy' is a synonym for cheap. But in this case it means 'cute'. Really.»
«Swenson» → «Svensson»
«Potent  Zombification Recipe Book» → «Potent Zombification Recipe Book»
«Architectural Designer's Honor Trophy» → «Architectural Designer's Honour Trophy»
«Disc Authorization Failure» → «Disc Authorisation Failure»
«You really cannot win if you don’t play. Next time there’s a big game, try to at least show up!» → «You really cannot win if you don’t play. Next time there’s a big match, try to at least show up!»
« Public protest is one of Simkind’s most powerful expressive tools. Harness it for yourself! When your civic-minded professor hears of your courage, your surely be rewarded with extra credit.» → «Public protest is one of Simkind’s most powerful expressive tools. Harness it for yourself! When your civic-minded professor hears of your courage, you'll surely be rewarded with extra credit.»
«Because he's an athlete, {0.SimFirstName} got into the game for free!» → «Because he's an athlete, {0.SimFirstName} got into the match for free!»
«The Red Berry Bean flooded {0.SimFirstName} with B-Vitamins, X-Foliants and Oxidaziants to create an explosion of flavor in {MA.his}{FA.her} mouth.» → «The Red Berry Bean flooded {0.SimFirstName} with B-Vitamins, X-foliants and Oxidaziants to create an explosion of flavour in {MA.his}{FA.her} mouth.»
«The Mayor’s office wants to see more students on the honor roll so that it can request additional school funding from the regional government. The mayor guarantees a cash reward to every student who makes it onto the honor roll. That reward can be yours if you work hard and do all of your homework!» → «The Mayor’s office wants to see more students on the honour roll so that it can request additional school funding from the regional government. The mayor guarantees a cash reward to every student who makes it onto the honour roll. That reward can be yours if you work hard and do all of your homework!»
«Valiant. Righteous. Brilliant. Determined. These are just some of the words that describe a very special Sim in our community. We are gathered here today to honor the Ghost Hunter {0.SimName}, who has gone above and beyond the call of duty to make {TownName} a better place. Fearless in the pursuit of the paranormal, {0.SimFirstName} is a shining beacon of hope and a pillar in our community. It is my great honor to award {0.SimFirstName} with the {1.String} this day.» → «Valiant. Righteous. Brilliant. Determined. These are just some of the words that describe a very special Sim in our community. We are gathered here today to honour the Ghost Hunter {0.SimName}, who has gone above and beyond the call of duty to make {TownName} a better place. Fearless in the pursuit of the paranormal, {0.SimFirstName} is a shining beacon of hope and a pillar in our community. It is my great honour to award {0.SimFirstName} with the {1.String} this day.»
«The only thing better than a real bone is a chewy bone! A super duper, squeaky, chicken flavored chewy bone! Keep your dog occupied for minutes (and maybe hours!) with the Chewy Toy Bone. Made with love (and real chickens!) by the good folks at Simina Pet Products.» → «The only thing better than a real bone is a chewy bone! A super duper, squeaky, chicken flavoured chewy bone! Keep your dog occupied for minutes (and maybe hours!) with the Chewy Toy Bone. Made with love (and real chickens!) by the good folks at Simina Pet Products.»
«Are you sure you wish to sell all the items in your inventory?  This will not be undoable.» → «Are you sure you wish to sell all the items in your inventory? This will not be undoable.»
«{0.SimFirstName} wants to socialize a little.» → «{0.SimFirstName} wants to socialise a little.»
«The statues know the answer.  And yet, he who has not received Horus' greatest treasure would do well to pass by.» → «The statues know the answer. And yet, he who has not received Horus' greatest treasure would do well to pass by.»
«Wagner» → «Arnstein»
«Such a fine specimen! {0.SimFirstName} has put in long hours of exertion and restraint to become one of the finest athletes in the neighborhood. {0.SimFirstName} should take a jog around the town to show everyone what #1 looks like in action!\n\nCheck the athletic journal for Skill Challenges to refine {0.SimFirstName}’s athletic skills further!» → «Such a fine specimen! {0.SimFirstName} has put in long hours of exertion and restraint to become one of the finest athletes in the neighbourhood. {0.SimFirstName} should take a jog around the town to show everyone what #1 looks like in action!\n\nCheck the athletic journal for Skill Challenges to refine {0.SimFirstName}’s athletic skills further!»
«The Action Queue!  In Action!  Check it out!» → «The Action Queue! In Action! Check it out!»
«Whatever your pursuits may be, the Reinforced Personal Stage is there to keep you put no matter what dangers may lurk!  Polyurethane ribbing and our patented "Bolt and Nut" securing method are guaranteed to prevent any of the usual malfunctions you might find with lesser brands.  Fear not friends, you shall never find yourself face first on the floor from unwanted bowl separation!  Bowl and tank, together as one... as was intended by the natural order!» → «Whatever your pursuits may be, the Reinforced Personal Stage is there to keep you put no matter what dangers may lurk! Polyurethane ribbing and our patented "Bolt and Nut" securing method are guaranteed to prevent any of the usual malfunctions you might find with lesser brands. Fear not friends, you shall never find yourself face first on the floor from unwanted bowl separation! Bowl and tank, together as one... as was intended by the natural order!»
«Due to a strange gardening accident, the Philodendron was originally named after an Irishman by the name of Phil O’Dendron. But back then, having a flower named after you was no honor, so Phil changed his name to Brody B. Bojangles, and slipped into obscurity once again.» → «Due to a strange gardening accident, the Philodendron was originally named after an Irishman by the name of Phil O’Dendron. But back then, having a flower named after you was no honour, so Phil changed his name to Brody B. Bojangles, and slipped into obscurity once again.»
«When placing floor tiles, you can use the ‘<’ and ‘>’ keys to rotate the one you’re holding.» → «When placing floor tiles, you can use the ‘<’ and ‘>’ keys (‘,’ and ‘.’ in many other countries) to rotate the one you’re holding.»
«In Build or Buy mode, you can use the ‘<’ and ‘>’ keys to rotate a grabbed object.» → «In Build or Buy mode, you can use the ‘<’ and ‘>’ keys (‘,’ and ‘.’ in many other countries) to rotate a grabbed object.»
«Of the many signs of spring, few are as pleasing to sight and smell as the bloom of wildflowers. Almost anywhere there is a free patch of ground, you can find these multicolored beauties reaching up toward the sun. There are many varieties. Can you collect them all?» → «Of the many signs of spring, few are as pleasing to sight and smell as the bloom of wildflowers. Almost anywhere there is a free patch of ground, you can find these multicoloured beauties reaching up toward the sun. There are many varieties. Can you collect them all?»
«{0.SimFirstName} is ready to start vaccinating at {1.String}.  The session will last for {2.Number} hours.» → «{0.SimFirstName} is ready to start vaccinating at {1.String}. The session will last for {2.Number} hours.»
«Visit Sorority» → «Visit Women's College»
«Elope with an Eggplant» → «Elope with an Aubergine»
«Find {9.Number} pieces of Mummitomium and deliver them to {2.String} to earn some Simoleons and  Ancient Coins.» → «Find {9.Number} pieces of Mummitomium and deliver them to {2.String} to earn some Simoleons and Ancient Coins.»
«This is a souvenir from visiting a Theatre on a Field Trip.» → «This is a souvenir from visiting a Cinema on a Field Trip.»
«An up-and-coming record producer attended one of your shows and wants to help you record a demo of your songs! He works in a recording studio at the Theater. Stop by, and he'll help you turn your music into a CD!» → «An up-and-coming record producer attended one of your shows and wants to help you record a demo of your songs! He works in a recording studio at the Cinema. Stop by, and he'll help you turn your music into a CD!»
«{0.SimFirstName} almost fell asleep through a particularly longwinded debate between two city factions.  Luckily a break is called for everyone to cool their heels before a fight breaks out and {0.SimFirstName} can stretch {MA.his}{FA.her} legs.» → «{0.SimFirstName} almost fell asleep through a particularly longwinded debate between two city factions. Luckily a break is called for everyone to cool their heels before a fight breaks out and {0.SimFirstName} can stretch {MA.his}{FA.her} legs.»
«Change Scale Color» → «Change Scale Colour»
«Current Colors and Materials» → «Current Colours and Materials»
«The Theatre owner thinks the fish you brought in is marvelous! The new Tragic Clownfish looks great on stage and will soon be cast in the theatre’s next tragedy play. Here’s some money to compensate you for your efforts!» → «The Cinema owner thinks the fish you brought in is marvelous! The new Tragic Clownfish looks great on stage and will soon be cast in the cinema’s next tragedy play. Here’s some money to compensate you for your efforts!»
«After walking for a while, {0.SimFirstName} came to a muddy delta where seven rivers, each a different color, converged. After a moment of contemplation {MA.he}{FA.she} realized that this was actually the origin of the rainbow waterfall.» → «After walking for a while, {0.SimFirstName} came to a muddy delta where seven rivers, each a different colour, converged. After a moment of contemplation {MA.he}{FA.she} realized that this was actually the origin of the rainbow waterfall.»
«You aren't sure if the raccoon that randomly showed up in your area is friendly or not. It's probably a good idea to sniff about to find out what they're all about! Your pet wants to sniff at a raccoon.» → «You aren't sure if the raccoon that randomly showed up in your area is friendly or not. It's probably a good idea to sniff about to find out what they're all about! Your pet wants to sniff at a raccoon.»
«Zac's the town's bad boy, but beneath that gruff exterior is a decent guy with his head screwed on straight. The neighbors see him come and go late at night on his hog, or occasionally taking a stroll with his pet snake in hand. What they don't see is his dedication in the kitchen as he labors to rise from a line cook to his dream of becoming a top chef.» → «Zac's the town's bad boy, but beneath that gruff exterior is a decent guy with his head screwed on straight. The neighbours see him come and go late at night on his hog, or occasionally taking a stroll with his pet snake in hand. What they don't see is his dedication in the kitchen as he labours to rise from a line cook to his dream of becoming a top chef.»
«A doctor's job is to heal people no matter what sometimes, and its {0.SimFirstName}'s turn to attend the secret "Help Thy Naughty Neighbor" program at the warehouse to help all those clumsy lugs with all of their "accidental" injuries.» → «A doctor's job is to heal people no matter what sometimes, and its {0.SimFirstName}'s turn to attend the secret "Help Thy Naughty Neighbour" program at the warehouse to help all those clumsy lugs with all of their "accidental" injuries.»
«Packed full of features like the Dynamic Spirit Processor, the Paranormal Frequency Modulator, and the patent pending Ghost or Spirit Detection System, Landgraab's second iteration on their popular Ghost Positioning System  is no child's toy. Send some ghosts to the afterlife today!» → «Packed full of features like the Dynamic Spirit Processor, the Paranormal Frequency Modulator, and the patent pending Ghost or Spirit Detection System, Landgraab's second iteration on their popular Ghost Positioning System is no child's toy. Send some ghosts to the afterlife today!»
«Your Sim wants to know about the personal wealth of someone else. Converse with potentially rich neighbors or visit their homes to find out!» → «Your Sim wants to know about the personal wealth of someone else. Converse with potentially rich neighbours or visit their homes to find out!»
«Not only do Born {MA.Salesmen}{FA.Saleswoman} often sell their wares for more money than other Sims, they know the importance of a good reputation, and can quickly build one at a Consignment Store.» → «Not only do Born {MA.Salesmen}{FA.Saleswoman} often sell their wares for more money than other Sims, they know the importance of a good reputation, and can quickly build one at a Thrift Shop.»
«It seems like everyone in town absolutely loved {OpSource} as a candidate. Something seems fishy here, especially with the landslide vote. It should have at least been close. I should check the voter rolls at City Hall.» → «It seems like everyone in town absolutely loved {OpSource} as a candidate. Something seems fishy here, especially with the landslide vote. It should have at least been close, given the exit polls. I should check the voter rolls at City Hall.»
«There's much more to Scout than meets the eye. To most Sims that know her, she's an athletic, fun loving neighbor with a keen eye for a good book. Beneath that, you'll find a covert life of danger and daring that rivals most good spy novels.» → «There's much more to Scout than meets the eye. To most Sims that know her, she's an athletic, fun loving neighbour with a keen eye for a good book. Beneath that, you'll find a covert life of danger and daring that rivals most good spy novels.»
«If you’re seeing spots, don’t call a doctor! This mesmerizing vintage pattern is the perfect backdrop for a Suite Dreams boudoir or even a swanky jazz club. Everything old is new again, so come full circle with this decorative wall panel.» → «If you’re seeing spots, don’t call a doctor! This mesmerising vintage pattern is the perfect backdrop for a Suite Dreams boudoir or even a swanky jazz club. Everything old is new again, so come full circle with this decorative wall panel.»
«Being a substitute teacher is no easy task, which is why your boss wants you to read "Substitutes: There is No Substitute". You'll gain some  job performance and relationship with your boss.» → «Being a substitute teacher is no easy task, which is why your boss wants you to read "Substitutes: There is No Substitute". You'll gain some job performance and relationship with your boss.»
«This fine starter home has a spacious living room, adjoining work area suitable for a desk, and full size bedroom. It is surrounded by beautiful Hydrangea bushes that add a lush feel to the location. Its close vicinity to the equestrian center is an added perk for any aspiring rider.» → «This fine starter home has a spacious living room, adjoining work area suitable for a desk, and full size bedroom. It is surrounded by beautiful Hydrangea bushes that add a lush feel to the location. Its close vicinity to the equestrian centre is an added perk for any aspiring rider.»
«Rejoice!  The evil forces of technology have been beaten back once again!» → «Rejoice! The evil forces of technology have been beaten back once again!»
«Look at the clock! It's past 11 PM and the night is just getting started... and that's exactly the way {0.SimFirstName} likes it!» → «Look at the clock! It's past 11 PM (23:00) and the night is just getting started... and that's exactly the way {0.SimFirstName} likes it!»
«This quaint little park is a favorite of Oasis Landing. Take a seat and enjoy the fountains!» → «This quaint little park is a favourite of Oasis Landing. Take a seat and enjoy the fountains!»
«Whether you’re and adult or a minor, you’ll enjoy spending time in this park created by the miners of yore.» → «Whether you’re an adult or a minor, you’ll enjoy spending time in this park created by the miners of yore.»
«Sorority» → «Women's College»
«Mesmerizing Mosaic» → «Mesmerising Mosaic»
«Public Trashcan» → «Public Waste Bin»
«Elementary school days are over and {0.SimFirstName} is now a teenager! Would you like {0.SimFirstName} to remain enrolled in the Dribbledine Sports Academy? This will cost an additional {2.Money}. {MA.He}{FA.She} can use a little more work on {MA.his}{FA.her} mile time.» → «Primary school days are over and {0.SimFirstName} is now a teenager! Would you like {0.SimFirstName} to remain enrolled in the Dribbledine Sports Academy? This will cost an additional {2.Money}. {MA.He}{FA.She} can use a little more work on {MA.his}{FA.her} 1,500m time.»
«The bartender mixes a myriad of fruits in a flurry and hands you a misting glass. It's one of the best drinks your sim has ever had!  You feel amazing!» → «The bartender mixes a myriad of fruits in a flurry and hands you a misting glass. It's one of the best drinks your sim has ever had! You feel amazing!»
«The report is finished and I've sent it to the police.  If they are any good the perpetrators of the heinous crime will be caught and punished.» → «The report is finished and I've sent it to the police. If they are any good the perpetrators of the heinous crime will be caught and punished.»
«Socialize with a Supernatural» → «Socialise with a Supernatural»
«Rags to Riches Consignment Store» → «Rags to Riches Thrift Shop»
«Sims can now own Venues!  Each Venue can give more money if the player can properly upgrade it to the next level and invest more in the lot. Be careful to meet the minimum requirements or the Venue might close!» → «Sims can now own Venues! Each Venue can give more money if the player can properly upgrade it to the next level and invest more in the lot. Be careful to meet the minimum requirements or the Venue might close!»
«Once a property is owned, Sims can rename the lot, change the venue type, collect earnings, and modify the lot itself via Build/Buy all on the computer and phone.  They can also fire employees at owned Buildings.» → «Once a property is owned, Sims can rename the lot, change the venue type, collect earnings, and modify the lot itself via Build/Buy all on the computer and phone. They can also fire employees at owned Buildings.»
«Property is owned by the Household so any selectable Sim can use a property interaction once one is purchased.  A property is released to the neighborhood once the Household is wiped out but any Household can purchase a property, they just purchase it from the owners.» → «Property is owned by the Household so any selectable Sim can use a property interaction once one is purchased. A property is released to the neighbourhood once the Household is wiped out but any Household can purchase a property, they just purchase it from the owners.»
«{0.SimFirstName} has just discovered a meteor.  That's odd, the meteor seems to be getting larger and larger.» → «{0.SimFirstName} has just discovered a meteor. That's odd, the meteor seems to be getting larger and larger.»
«Very simple world, 2 empty lots and not sims. Good for testing and a perennial favorite amongst the engineering team.» → «Very simple world, 2 empty lots and not sims. Good for testing and a perennial favourite amongst the engineering team.»
«To become a true hotel mogul, your Sim will need to manage employees, maintain a profit, and always satisfy patrons. Once your Sim has created the perfect resort empire, travelers from all around will flock for a chance to stay at your luxurious getaway.» → «To become a true hotel mogul, your Sim will need to manage employees, maintain a profit, and always satisfy patrons. Once your Sim has created the perfect resort empire, travellers from all around will flock for a chance to stay at your luxurious getaway.»
«The stadium sold a record number of tickets at the last game. The problem is that the owner wants those tickets counted in time to make the evening news. Your co-workers want you to stay late to assist in the counting process. You’ll surely gain favor for helping out... assuming you can handle the extra hours.» → «The stadium sold a record number of tickets at the last match. The problem is that the owner wants those tickets counted in time to make the evening news. Your co-workers want you to stay late to assist in the counting process. You’ll surely gain favor for helping out... assuming you can handle the extra hours.»
«This area isn’t proving useful.  I should run a stakeout somewhere else.» → «This area isn’t proving useful. I should run a stakeout somewhere else.»
«This stakeout was fruitless.  If only I had been quieter, maybe it would have succeeded.» → «This stakeout was fruitless. If only I had been quieter, maybe it would have succeeded.»
«This stakeout was a failure.  I am a failure…» → «This stakeout was a failure. I am a failure…»
«Certain foods fill the body with a warm, cozy feeling that's unlike anything else.» → «Certain foods fill the body with a warm, cosy feeling that's unlike anything else.»
«{0.SimFirstName} has done a horrendous amount of damage to public property.  A fine of {1.Money} will be sent to {MA.his}{FA.her} house.  Perhaps {0.SimFirstName} needs to find a less destructive hobby.» → «{0.SimFirstName} has done a horrendous amount of damage to public property. A fine of {1.Money} will be sent to {MA.his}{FA.her} house. Perhaps {0.SimFirstName} needs to find a less destructive hobby.»
«{0.SimName}'s Daycare work day just started!» → «{0.SimName}'s Nursery work day just started!»
«Greeting from the Lostso Family! We heard that you have a new addition to the family and would like to congratulate you! The Lostso family has sent {0.SimName} a special toy. Gain relationship with it to reveal its special gifts as {MA.he}{FA.she} ages. Retrieve the mail to place it in {0.SimFirstName}'s inventory.» → «Greeting from the Lostso Family! We heard that you have a new addition to the family and would like to congratulate you! The Lostso family has sent {0.SimName} a special toy. Gain relationship with it to reveal its special gifts as {MA.he}{FA.she} ages. Retrieve the post to place it in {0.SimFirstName}'s inventory.»
«Uncle Riley was ecstatic to hear about the great news! He has sent {0.SimName} a friend from his magic toy factory to keep {0.SimFirstName} company. {0.SimFirstName} should gain relationship with it and watch the special gifts unlock as {MA.he}{FA.she} ages. Obtain the mail to place it in {0.SimFirstName}'s inventory.» → «Uncle Riley was ecstatic to hear about the great news! He has sent {0.SimName} a friend from his magic toy factory to keep {0.SimFirstName} company. {0.SimFirstName} should gain relationship with it and watch the special gifts unlock as {MA.he}{FA.she} ages. Obtain the post to place it in {0.SimFirstName}'s inventory.»
«Congratulations from second cousin Eugenia! She has sent a special present in the mail. If {0.SimName} gains relationship with it, its secret gifts will be revealed as {MA.he}{FA.she} ages. Obtain the mail to place it in {0.SimFirstName}'s inventory.» → «Congratulations from second cousin Eugenia! She has sent a special present in the post. If {0.SimName} gains relationship with it, its secret gifts will be revealed as {MA.he}{FA.she} ages. Obtain the post to place it in {0.SimFirstName}'s inventory.»
«Salutations from your Auntie Bernice! Bernice has sent your new addition a special gift in the mail. If {0.SimName} takes a liking to it, {MA.he}{FA.she} should keep playing with it to unveil its unique secrets as {MA.he}{FA.she} ages. Get the mail to place it in {0.SimFirstName}'s inventory.» → «Salutations from your Auntie Bernice! Bernice has sent your new addition a special gift in the post. If {0.SimName} takes a liking to it, {MA.he}{FA.she} should keep playing with it to unveil its unique secrets as {MA.he}{FA.she} ages. Get the post to place it in {0.SimFirstName}'s inventory.»
«Grandma's second cousin Bertha sent {0.SimName} a special gift in the mail. If {0.SimFirstName} gains relationship with it, its special gifts will be unlocked as the Sim ages. Get the mail to place it in {0.SimFirstName}'s inventory.» → «Grandma's second cousin Bertha sent {0.SimName} a special gift in the post. If {0.SimFirstName} gains relationship with it, its special gifts will be unlocked as the Sim ages. Get the post to place it in {0.SimFirstName}'s inventory.»
«{0.SimName} just swiped someone's {1.String}. It is now in your family inventory. For good karma, it can be returned to the owner via the mailbox.» → «{0.SimName} just swiped someone's {1.String}. It is now in your family inventory. For good karma, it can be returned to the owner via the post box.»
«This couch is part of the Talle designs, utilizing new innovations that combine three chairs into one long seating surface, which allows plenty of room for napping. The new nearly space-age cushions provide just enough comfort, while the frame provides barely enough support. Best placed where you don't need to see the wall.» → «This couch is part of the Talle designs, utilising new innovations that combine three chairs into one long seating surface, which allows plenty of room for napping. The new nearly space-age cushions provide just enough comfort, while the frame provides barely enough support. Best placed where you don't need to see the wall.»
«Make the Luxtacular Ultra Deluxe Pool table the centerpiece of your game room. This is the ultimate pool table, sure to impress you and your friends by blending modern styling with new "eight ball-corner pocket" technology.» → «Make the Luxtacular Ultra Deluxe Snooker table the centrepiece of your game room. This is the ultimate Snooker table, sure to impress you and your friends by blending modern styling with new "eight ball-corner pocket" technology.»
«This Certificate of Partnership grants the holder an extra duration of time in country when traveling to Egypt.» → «This Certificate of Partnership grants the holder an extra duration of time in country when travelling to Egypt.»
«Many hours of enjoyment can be had by playing with a pet! It'd be great if you could watch your turtle move about with molasses-like determination! Your Sim wants to Play with a Turtle.» → «Many hours of enjoyment can be had by playing with a pet! It'd be great if you could watch your turtle move about with molasses-like determination! Your Sim wants to Play with a Turtle.»
«Honored (Level 2)» → «Honoured (Level 2)»
«Quoin Wall - Center» → «Quoin Wall - Centre»
«Welcome to the Busche School of Science at Sims University. Science and Medicine students develop the next generation of groundbreaking therapies and add to our understanding of the Universe.  The faculty is absolutely committed to your academic success.\n\nAll students in the Science and Medicine majors receive an Anatomy Skeleton at enrollment. Use this tool to Bone up on Anatomy outside of class, and to follow along with the Professors’ instructions when you go to class.\n\nClasses, Lectures, and Class Activities are required for all students, but Science and Medicine majors receive extra credit for building their Science, Gardening and Fishing skills.\n\nEvery sample taken and every pipette squeezed will be rewarded handsomely after your graduation from Sims University. With a degree in Science or Medicine, you’ll be eligible to join the Science and Medical careers at higher levels with higher pay than other Sims. Your grades are crucial for these bonuses, and better performance will yield material rewards once you join the workforce.\n\nOur faculty wishes you the best of luck in your academic endeavors, and welcome again to Sims University!» → «Welcome to the Busche School of Science at Sims University. Science and Medicine students develop the next generation of groundbreaking therapies and add to our understanding of the Universe. The faculty is absolutely committed to your academic success.\n\nAll students in the Science and Medicine majors receive an Anatomy Skeleton at enrollment. Use this tool to Bone up on Anatomy outside of class, and to follow along with the Professors’ instructions when you go to class.\n\nClasses, Lectures, and Class Activities are required for all students, but Science and Medicine majors receive extra credit for building their Science, Gardening and Fishing skills.\n\nEvery sample taken and every pipette squeezed will be rewarded handsomely after your graduation from Sims University. With a degree in Science or Medicine, you’ll be eligible to join the Science and Medical careers at higher levels with higher pay than other Sims. Your grades are crucial for these bonuses, and better performance will yield material rewards once you join the workforce.\n\nOur faculty wishes you the best of luck in your academic endeavors, and welcome again to Sims University!»
«Opulence at its best!  This estate boasts an intriguing floor plan and a beautiful swimming pool.» → «Opulence at its best! This estate boasts an intriguing floor plan and a beautiful swimming pool.»
«This charming model shows the noble yeti enjoying two of his favorite activities: staring into space and scratching. He would look perfect on any end table, and brings just the tiniest dash of winter into any room. Lovingly realized by Nova Statues, maker of many fine yeti goods.» → «This charming model shows the noble yeti enjoying two of his favorite activities: staring into space and scratching. He would look perfect on any end table, and brings just the tiniest dash of winter into any room. Lovingly realised by Nova Statues, maker of many fine yeti goods.»
«Erickson» → «Eriksson»
«Enriquez» → «Enríquez»
«Connelly» → «Ó Conghaile»
«Cordova» → «Córdova»
«Cortes» → «Cortês»
«Mail Carrying» → «Post Carrying»
«Davila» → «Dávila»
«DiSabatino» → «Di Sabatino»
«DiPaolo» → «Di Paolo»
«Castaneda» → «Castañeda»
«{0.SimFirstName} was minding his own business when, as a practical joke, the crazy janitor shoves him into a laundry cart and dumps him into the garbage!  {0.SimFirstName} is unharmed, but smells very, very bad.» → «{0.SimFirstName} was minding his own business when, as a practical joke, the crazy janitor shoves him into a laundry cart and dumps him into the garbage! {0.SimFirstName} is unharmed, but smells very, very bad.»
«Win Next Game» → «Win Next Match»
«Deliver Cheesesteaks» → «Deliver Philly Cheesesteaks»
«You dropped the key?  Hopefully it can be found when you try to do this next time.» → «You dropped the key? Hopefully it can be found when you try to do this next time.»
«For the Sim who prefers a cosmopolitan lifestyle, this cozy abode combines style with convenience. Efficient living arrangements in the front, pool and sun room in the back!» → «For the Sim who prefers a cosmopolitan lifestyle, this cosy abode combines style with convenience. Efficient living arrangements in the front, pool and sun room in the back!»
«This amazing home is sure to blow your mind! A grassy roof keeps you cool in summer, warm in winter and the envy of the neighborhood year-round.» → «This amazing home is sure to blow your mind! A grassy roof keeps you cool in summer, warm in winter and the envy of the neighbourhood year-round.»
«Just a simple two-story family house far removed from the hustle and bustle of modern living. It’s the perfect place to raise your children free from glittering electronic distractions.» → «Just a simple two-floor family house far removed from the hustle and bustle of modern living. It’s the perfect place to raise your children free from glittering electronic distractions.»
«Coloration Only» → «Colouration Only»
«Piano Level 8: Peanut Butter and Jelly Blues» → «Piano Level 8: Peanut Butter and Jam Blues»
«Rainbow Cookie» → «Rainbow Biscuit»
«Woohoo!  The computer isn't running any faster but the graphics look better somehow.» → «Woohoo! The computer isn't running any faster but the graphics look better somehow.»
«Can't seem to ever get tired of your pets?  This reward makes it so dogs, cats, and horses live much longer lives.  Pets kept in a terrarium and birds are also less likely to die.» → «Can't seem to ever get tired of your pets? This reward makes it so dogs, cats, and horses live much longer lives. Pets kept in a terrarium and birds are also less likely to die.»
«With all these issues of your favorite upscale city magazine, you'll be informed for the rest of your life. Well, you will be if you can ever find the time and motivation to read them.  In the meantime, at least putting them in a stack in the corner makes you look smart and well-read, and it gives you a handy place to sit!» → «With all these issues of your favourite upscale city magazine, you'll be informed for the rest of your life. Well, you will be if you can ever find the time and motivation to read them. In the meantime, at least putting them in a stack in the corner makes you look smart and well-read, and it gives you a handy place to sit!»
«You've been invited to sing the Sim National Anthem at the big game! You'll get to perform in a packed stadium and a TV audience of millions!» → «You've been invited to sing the Sim National Anthem at the cup final! You'll get to perform in a packed stadium and a TV audience of millions!»
«Children are too important to treat like random grab bags! You want to customize your baby’s DNA at the local Hospital’s gene-splicing wing.» → «Children are too important to treat like random grab bags! You want to customise your baby’s DNA at the local Hospital’s gene-splicing wing.»
«Humor» → «Humour»
«Oh no - {2.SimFirstName}'s team lost the game! Final Score, Home: {0.Number} - Away: {1.Number}.» → «Oh no - {2.SimFirstName}'s team lost the match! Final Score, Home: {0.Number} - Away: {1.Number}.»
«{1.SimFirstName} receives a phone call from {2.String}.  “Good job with the bribe.  Just leave it there and the henchmen will take care of the rest.  Also I’ve hacked into the MorcuCorp mainframe. The information is there, but I cannot get it from my computer. Hack the commander's computer inside their HQ to find the location of the second relic. It should be a room with a computer all by itself.  Be quick about it!”» → «{1.SimFirstName} receives a phone call from {2.String}. “Good job with the bribe. Just leave it there and the henchmen will take care of the rest. Also I’ve hacked into the MorcuCorp mainframe. The information is there, but I cannot get it from my computer. Hack the commander's computer inside their HQ to find the location of the second relic. It should be a room with a computer all by itself. Be quick about it!”»
«Success!  {0.SimFirstName} has found a O(n) solution for primality testing. Getting an extra {1.Money} to boot makes solving problems pretty lucrative!» → «Success! {0.SimFirstName} has found a O(n) solution for primality testing. Getting an extra {1.Money} to boot makes solving problems pretty lucrative!»
«Success!  {0.SimFirstName} made an important contribution to the P=NP problem. The answer?  Find out next time!  Reward is {1.Money}» → «Success! {0.SimFirstName} made an important contribution to the P=NP problem. The answer? Find out next time! Reward is {1.Money}»
«Success!  {0.SimFirstName} has solved Fermat's Last Theorem in record time!  The reward for the feat is {1.Money}.» → «Success! {0.SimFirstName} has solved Fermat's Last Theorem in record time! The reward for the feat is {1.Money}.»
«Success!  {0.SimFirstName} has figured out how to optimally put random objects in a knapsack!  This has never been done before!  Knapsack problem reward is {1.Money}.» → «Success! {0.SimFirstName} has figured out how to optimally put random objects in a knapsack! This has never been done before! Knapsack problem reward is {1.Money}.»
«When Mithun and Ernesto were growing up, they always said they’d one day play on a professional team together. Though Mithun turned out to be the talented one, Ernesto tagged along in Mithun's rise to fame sharing in the parties and the glory. After meeting Ariella, Mithun started considering a life outside of fame and endless parties. When he was traded to a team in the city, Mithun asked Ariella to move with him. To Ariella's surprise and annoyance, Ernesto came as part of the deal. Mithun feels everything is perfect now that he's living with his two favorite people, though he can't understand why they can't seem to get along.» → «When Mithun and Ernesto were growing up, they always said they’d one day play on a professional team together. Though Mithun turned out to be the talented one, Ernesto tagged along in Mithun's rise to fame sharing in the parties and the glory. After meeting Ariella, Mithun started considering a life outside of fame and endless parties. When he was traded to a team in the city, Mithun asked Ariella to move with him. To Ariella's surprise and annoyance, Ernesto came as part of the deal. Mithun feels everything is perfect now that he's living with his two favourite people, though he can't understand why they can't seem to get along.»
«To fix this event, talk to the Time Traveler and tell him you want to fix the Future.» → «To fix this event, talk to the Time Traveller and tell him you want to fix the Future.»
«The flame demons – their appetite is insatiable! Just in case one of the demons leaps forth from this decorative bastille, we’ve installed a large mirror above the firebox. We heard that when a flame demon sees his own reflection he is immediately extinguished from fright. Maybe it’s true… Maybe we rushed the Extra Fancy Edition into production based on rumors and hearsay, but we’re doing everything we can!!» → «The flame demons – their appetite is insatiable! Just in case one of the demons leaps forth from this decorative bastille, we’ve installed a large mirror above the firebox. We heard that when a flame demon sees his own reflection he is immediately extinguished from fright. Maybe it’s true… Maybe we rushed the Extra Fancy Edition into production based on rumours and hearsay, but we’re doing everything we can!!»
«Are you sure you wish to cancel the new lot placement?  You will still be able to place them via Edit Town.» → «Are you sure you wish to cancel the new lot placement? You will still be able to place them via Edit Town.»
« (Sitting)» → «(Sitting)»
«Sims get lonely, too!  Make sure your Sim gets enough social contact, whether it's by visiting neighbors or by chatting it up on the phone.» → «Sims get lonely, too! Make sure your Sim gets enough social contact, whether it's by visiting neighbours or by chatting it up on the phone.»
«The snow cone – one of the finest examples of a product being more than the sum of its parts. Sure, it might just start as crushed ice with a couple squirts of syrup in it, but when it’s handed to you in that cup it is pure summer magic. Whether you called it a snow cone, snow ball, shaved ice, or any other name, it all meant the same thing: a rainbow of possible colors and flavors in one special treat.» → «The sorbet – one of the finest examples of a product being more than the sum of its parts. Sure, it might just start as crushed ice with a couple squirts of syrup in it, but when it’s handed to you in that cup it is pure summer magic. Whether you called it a slush, snow cone, snow ball, shaved ice, or any other name, it all meant the same thing: a rainbow of possible colours and flavours in one special treat.»
«Tour Command Center With Pack» → «Tour Command Centre With Pack»
«Return the book to your neighbor!» → «Return the book to your neighbour!»
«{0.SimFirstName} would like to adopt {1.SimFirstName}.  Is this OK?» → «{0.SimFirstName} would like to adopt {1.SimFirstName}. Is this OK?»
«Situated near the center of town, this home is a sensible choice for someone looking for the best that Champs Les Sims has to offer.» → «Situated near the centre of town, this home is a sensible choice for someone looking for the best that Champs Les Sims has to offer.»
«Incredible! The science geeks claim this disgusting goo is ectoplasm -- a substance found only on ghosts. It seems the dead are restless. I should conduct a stakeout at the graveyard to see if the scene is truly dead. Gulp.» → «Incredible! The science geeks claim this disgusting goo is ectoplasm — a substance found only on ghosts. It seems the dead are restless. I should conduct a stakeout at the graveyard to see if the scene is truly dead. Gulp.»
«Stay on the Honor Roll for {0.Number} Days» → «Stay on the Honour Roll for {0.Number} Days»
«{0.SimName} has graduated from Elementary School at Smuggsworth Prep School and is now a teenager. Would you like to continue {MA.his}{FA.her} superior education at Smuggsworth for another {2.Money}?» → «{0.SimName} has graduated from Primary School at Smuggsworth Prep School and is now a teenager. Would you like to continue {MA.his}{FA.her} superior education at Smuggsworth for another {2.Money}?»
«The proud wife of Mike and mother of Mara, Annie loves her family and her whole life centers around taking care of them. A romantic at heart, it was love at first site when Mike asked her to dance and she knew someday they’d be happily married. Annie loves reading, whether it is for herself or to Mara, and is an especially big fan of the “Ask Joanie” column in the local newspaper, since she is still learning the ropes of being a great parent. There is nothing more rewarding to Annie than even the smallest of Mara’s accomplishments.» → «The proud wife of Mike and mother of Mara, Annie loves her family and her whole life centres around taking care of them. A romantic at heart, it was love at first site when Mike asked her to dance and she knew someday they’d be happily married. Annie loves reading, whether it is for herself or to Mara, and is an especially big fan of the “Ask Joanie” column in the local newspaper, since she is still learning the ropes of being a great parent. There is nothing more rewarding to Annie than even the smallest of Mara’s accomplishments.»
«Scale Colors» → «Scale Colours»
«{0.SimName} has become very confident working with all kinds of clients.  Now {MA.he}{FA.she} can discuss the renovation with them and learn about all of their traits.» → «{0.SimName} has become very confident working with all kinds of clients. Now {MA.he}{FA.she} can discuss the renovation with them and learn about all of their traits.»
«{0.SimName} can use a portfolio to show other Sims {MA.his}{FA.her} work.  Maybe one of them will have a project ready for {MA.him}{FA.her} to do?» → «{0.SimName} can use a portfolio to show other Sims {MA.his}{FA.her} work. Maybe one of them will have a project ready for {MA.him}{FA.her} to do?»
«{0.SimName}’s artistic talents are so renown that now clients are asking for {MA.his}{FA.her} photos, sculptures or paintings to adorn their homes.  These things will surely help lead to bigger bonuses.» → «{0.SimName}’s artistic talents are so renown that now clients are asking for {MA.his}{FA.her} photos, sculptures or paintings to adorn their homes. These things will surely help lead to bigger bonuses.»
«Bot trainers are an honored profession, and it’s possible to make good Simoleons too. Your Sim wants to earn a bundle providing Plumbot Training.» → «Bot trainers are an honoured profession, and it’s possible to make good Simoleons too. Your Sim wants to earn a bundle providing Plumbot Training.»
«Are you sure you want to erase {0.Number} photos?  They will be gone forever.» → «Are you sure you want to erase {0.Number} photos? They will be gone forever.»
«The awe-inspiring site of {1.String}, {0.SimFirstName}'s galaxy discovery,  still takes the breath away!» → «The awe-inspiring site of {1.String}, {0.SimFirstName}'s galaxy discovery, still takes the breath away!»
«See? Holding it in didn't help.  Better let {0.SimFirstName} do {MA.his}{FA.her} business soon!» → «See? Holding it in didn't help. Better let {0.SimFirstName} do {MA.his}{FA.her} business soon!»
«See the world of Tomorrow...today! The visionary designers at Decor8 present TomorrowWorld, a place where today is yesterday and yesterday is the day before yesterday. Tomorrow, of course, is today, with only the day after tomorrow and beyond being what we would call tomorrow. And check out the cool subway train!» → «See the world of Tomorrow...today! The visionary designers at Decor8 present TomorrowWorld, a place where today is yesterday and yesterday is the day before yesterday. Tomorrow, of course, is today, with only the day after tomorrow and beyond being what we would call tomorrow. And check out the cool metro train!»
«This plush rug will delight everyone in the family the second it touches the floor. We dare you to walk over it and not smile! Make sure to tell all of your friends that this is just a very fanciful rug cut into a specific shape, because rumors about a giant race of rabbits are really on the rise and this rug is NOT helping.» → «This plush rug will delight everyone in the family the second it touches the floor. We dare you to walk over it and not smile! Make sure to tell all of your friends that this is just a very fanciful rug cut into a specific shape, because rumours about a giant race of rabbits are really on the rise and this rug is NOT helping.»
«Civic Center Spring Festival» → «Civic Centre Spring Festival»
«Are personality disorders inherited?  Dennis slipped up and gave an inch. The old man took a mile. Now the corrupt old frauds just take, fake and foil. "Walking defect" Bill skims off the top while the teens beg for attention in neglected obscurity. How long can the sanity assault continue? Will Silver's hijacked years and stolen looks ever know the bitter-sweet taste of revenge? Little Lolly may be this line's only hope of redemption.» → «Are personality disorders inherited? Dennis slipped up and gave an inch. The old man took a mile. Now the corrupt old frauds just take, fake and foil. "Walking defect" Bill skims off the top while the teens beg for attention in neglected obscurity. How long can the sanity assault continue? Will Silver's hijacked years and stolen looks ever know the bitter-sweet taste of revenge? Little Lolly may be this line's only hope of redemption.»
«The ‘Fall’ Bushblossom gets its name from the unique color of its leaves. It was considered a rare tree, but advancements in technology have made this an easier find.» → «The ‘Fall’ Bushblossom gets its name from the unique colour of its leaves. It was considered a rare tree, but advancements in technology have made this an easier find.»
«Eggplant Seed» → «Aubergine Seed»
«Drums Level 5: Howdy! Means Hello» → «Drums Level 5: Oi! Means Hello»
«We’re certain we‘ve seen this house on the opening credits of a cable mini-series.  At any rate, we encourage you to brush up on your croquet and stock up on bloomers and petticoats if you want to spend any significant time here.» → «We’re certain we‘ve seen this house on the opening credits of a cable mini-series. At any rate, we encourage you to brush up on your croquet and stock up on bloomers and petticoats if you want to spend any significant time here.»
«Watering Hole Regular» → «Pub Regular»
«Game Record» → «Match Stats»
«Spangler» → «Matawalu»
«{0.SimFirstName} doesn't have enough money to place this order!  {0.SimFirstName} can always read for free at the library.» → «{0.SimFirstName} doesn't have enough money to place this order! {0.SimFirstName} can always read for free at the library.»
«{2.String} is having trouble with the recent crop of pomegranate and would like to see if {1.SimFirstName} could do better.  Deliver {9.Number} Pomegranates of Very Nice or higher quality to {2.String} for some monetary compensation and gratefulness.» → «{2.String} is having trouble with the recent crop of pomegranate and would like to see if {1.SimFirstName} could do better. Deliver {9.Number} Pomegranates of Very Nice or higher quality to {2.String} for some monetary compensation and gratefulness.»
« Improved Rotational Pull» → «Improved Rotational Pull»
«Subway Map» → «Underground Metro Map»
«When creating his diner, Brunton modeled the architecture off of this boxcar he found in the woods.» → «When creating his eatery, Brunton modeled the architecture off of this boxcar he found in the woods.»
«You saw how they wowed the crowed and kept the entire theatre entranced. Now, go and try it out yourself! On the way, enjoy your cash bonus and Charisma Skill gain.» → «You saw how they wowed the crowed and kept the entire cinema entranced. Now, go and try it out yourself! On the way, enjoy your cash bonus and Charisma Skill gain.»
«Comedies, dramas, and musicals, all on stage. Your Sim wants to see a play. Check the theatre on weekends to see if there is a play showing!» → «Comedies, dramas, and musicals, all on stage. Your Sim wants to see a play. Check the cinema on weekends to see if there is a play showing!»
«Free Game!» → «Free Match!»
«You have chosen an action that will result in the loss of Wishes and Promises from your Active Household. Are you sure you want to go through with this?» → «You have chosen an action that will result in the loss of Wishes and Promises from your Active Household. Are you sure you want to go through with this?»
«In a highly unusual event, local sky enthusiast {0.SimName} was crushed to death by a meteorite yesterday.  Scientists remarked that it was one of the largest and most intact meteorites they have ever found.  A public viewing for the meteorite will be held the natural science museum tomorrow, with private viewings for loved ones later on in the week.» → «In a highly unusual event, local sky enthusiast {0.SimName} was crushed to death by a meteorite yesterday. Scientists remarked that it was one of the largest and most intact meteorites they have ever found. A public viewing for the meteorite will be held the natural science museum tomorrow, with private viewings for loved ones later on in the week.»
«Barrington and Juanita fell madly in love in a whirlwind romance that swept through the town of Appaloosa like a twister speeding across the plains. Juanita was visiting home after her big win on the reality cooking competition Dishes to Delicacy, a show that takes minimum wage dishwashers and turns them into master chefs. She immediately caught the eye of Barrington, the high school coach turned administrator of Appaloosa's new world class stadium. These two rags to riches stories simply clicked, and with the expected pitter patter of tiny feet, it can't be too long before wedding bells chime throughout the town!» → «Barrington and Juanita fell madly in love in a whirlwind romance that swept through the town of Appaloosa like a twister speeding across the plains. Juanita was visiting home after her big win on the reality cooking competition Dishes to Delicacy, a show that takes minimum wage dishwashers and turns them into master chefs. She immediately caught the eye of Barrington, the under-17s coach turned administrator of Appaloosa's new world class stadium. These two rags to riches stories simply clicked, and with the expected pitter patter of tiny feet, it can't be too long before wedding bells chime throughout the town!»
«The guards and lasers were just too much, even for you and your crack team of thieves. Nonetheless, the fact that you were able to escape the jaws of swift justice has just increased your reputation with your accomplices, and has earned you a small cash reward. After all, The Organization loves to reward those who annoy the authorities.» → «The guards and lasers were just too much, even for you and your crack team of thieves. Nonetheless, the fact that you were able to escape the jaws of swift justice has just increased your reputation with your accomplices, and has earned you a small cash reward. After all, The Organisation loves to reward those who annoy the authorities.»
«Tour Theatre» → «Tour Cinema»
«Ready to take Coat Customization to another level eh? Would you like to learn more about how to use the Pet Coat Advanced Mode?» → «Ready to take Coat Customisation to another level eh? Would you like to learn more about how to use the Pet Coat Advanced Mode?»
«Other Sims are the spice of life! You understand the value of a wide social circle, and you’re eager to learn Traits from your neighbors.» → «Other Sims are the spice of life! You understand the value of a wide social circle, and you’re eager to learn Traits from your neighbours.»
«"Organize Bass Section" at {OpTarget}.» → «"Organise Bass Section" at {OpTarget}.»
«{0.SimFirstName} took part in a great undercover sting that took a lot of illegal throwy discs off the streets!  For doing such a great deed, {0.SimFirstName} is given a raise!» → «{0.SimFirstName} took part in a great undercover sting that took a lot of illegal throwy discs off the streets! For doing such a great deed, {0.SimFirstName} is given a raise!»
«Local Watering Hole» → «Classic Pub»
«Getting bullseye after bullseye requires a keen eye and steady hand! Your Sim wants to win a game of Darts.» → «Getting bullseye after bullseye requires a keen eye and steady hand! Your Sim wants to win a match of Darts.»
«Art is a retreat from life’s messy realities. Fill any room with beauty: portraits, Impressionist landscapes, hand-drawn maps or avant-garde watercolors.» → «Art is a retreat from life’s messy realities. Fill any room with beauty: portraits, Impressionist landscapes, hand-drawn maps or avant-garde watercolours.»
«This lovely coral platform is perfect for entertaining all sorts of sea creatures... colorful fish, fearsome sharks, beautiful mermaids....» → «This lovely coral platform is perfect for entertaining all sorts of sea creatures... colourful fish, fearsome sharks, beautiful mermaids....»
«Though it may hearken back to days around a fire pit and even evoke more recent reminiscing about a bare brick hearth, this fireplace is far more civilized! It imparts a sense of class, while also providing a fairly traditional means of heat.» → «Though it may hearken back to days around a fire pit and even evoke more recent reminiscing about a bare brick hearth, this fireplace is far more civilised! It imparts a sense of class, while also providing a fairly traditional means of heat.»
«Murder…  Mystery… Suspense! Anna-Liza is a master of these classic literary devices… But how did she get so good at writing such ominous fiction? The well-liked Ms. Riddle has a taste for all things mortal, morbid, and morose… but these are just thoughts in her head.» → «Murder… Mystery… Suspense! Anna-Liza is a master of these classic literary devices… But how did she get so good at writing such ominous fiction? The well-liked Ms. Riddle has a taste for all things mortal, morbid, and morose… but these are just thoughts in her head.»
«Man, this visit has just sucked.  I'm going to head home.  Maybe next time will be better... if there is a next time.» → «Man, this visit has just sucked. I'm going to head home. Maybe next time will be better... if there is a next time.»
«Rustic country living, but with all the modern conveniences can be found in this well appointed ranch. A three car (or truck) garage, custom built pool, horse barn, and a basement media room are among the features of this gentleman's country estate.» → «Rustic country living, but with all the modern conveniences can be found in this well appointed ranch. A three car (or lorry) garage, custom built pool, horse barn, and a basement media room are among the features of this gentleman's country estate.»
«The hieroglyphics here show the Egyptian symbol of Amenta along with images of a person's Ka, or soul, traveling through the underworld.» → «The hieroglyphics here show the Egyptian symbol of Amenta along with images of a person's Ka, or soul, travelling through the underworld.»
«The fortune teller’s prediction was true as {0.SimName} got a  {1.String} just as predicted.» → «The fortune teller’s prediction was true as {0.SimName} got a {1.String} just as predicted.»
«"Inspect Mail" on {OpNumEventsGoal} Sims' Mailboxes» → «"Inspect Post" on {OpNumEventsGoal} Sims' Post Boxes»
«Finish reading “Getting Past the Draft” to improve your job performance and relationship with your boss.» → «Finish reading “Getting Past the Trade Window” to improve your job performance and relationship with your boss.»
«Made from 100% Olefin, the Saxony is the first carpet to combine a 37-ounce face weight with an unprecedented .765 pile height. This, plus other carpet-centric statistics, give the Saxony 47% more velvety softness than its closest competitor.» → «Made from 100% Olefin, the Saxony is the first carpet to combine a 37-ounce face weight with an unprecedented .765 pile height. This, plus other carpet-centric statistics, give the Saxony 47% more velvety softness than its closest competitor.»
«A real pleasure to have you in my class, {0.SimFirstName}! You are on track to complete the term with honors!» → «A real pleasure to have you in my class, {0.SimFirstName}! You are on track to complete the term with honours!»
«{0.SimName} has heard you’re quite the grill fiend and would like to sample your flavorful Grilled Salmon. Prepare a group serving of Grilled Salmon and bring it to {0.SimName}, who is sure to pay you for your effort.» → «{0.SimName} has heard you’re quite the barbecue fiend and would like to sample your flavourful Grilled Salmon. Prepare a group serving of Grilled Salmon and bring it to {0.SimName}, who is sure to pay you for your effort.»
«Never again worry about those fretful accidents.  Pets with Steel Bladders lose the urge to pee.» → «Never again worry about those fretful accidents. Pets with Steel Bladders lose the urge to pee.»
«Where could this antique have come from? Perhaps from the depths of an ancient tom under the sands of Al Simhara? Or maybe it's a just cheap knock-off? Either way, it's a beautiful music box.» → «Where could this antique have come from? Perhaps from the depths of an ancient tomb under the sands of Al Simhara? Or maybe it's a just cheap knock-off? Either way, it's a beautiful music box.»
«{2.SimName} has just won an Advanced Jumping competition. {MA.He}{FA.She}'ll always remember the hard work and dedication it took  to make it this far.» → «{2.SimName} has just won an Advanced Jumping competition. {MA.He}{FA.She}'ll always remember the hard work and dedication it took to make it this far.»
«This Certificate of Partnership grants the holder an extra duration of time in country when traveling to France.» → «This Certificate of Partnership grants the holder an extra duration of time in country when travelling to France.»
«Throw Football Over Mountains» → «Throw American Football Over Mountains»
«Keep your carpet clean and your shoe collection organized with the Veronica Shoe Rack. Buy one or buy ten, they're guaranteed to house your entire shoe collection and fit every piece of footwear you can think of, from skinny heels to platform wedges, from open back flats to lace-up rain boots!» → «Keep your carpet clean and your shoe collection organised with the Veronica Shoe Rack. Buy one or buy ten, they're guaranteed to house your entire shoe collection and fit every piece of footwear you can think of, from skinny heels to platform wedges, from open back flats to lace-up rain boots!»
«Go to Sorority» → «Go to Women's College»
«To perform well on the Sims University Aptitude Test, Teens should focus on building their skills and maintaining a good High School grade. Selecting traits that complement their desired degree can also aid them in their future University experience.» → «To perform well on the Sims University Aptitude Test, Teens should focus on building their skills and maintaining a good Secondary School grade. Selecting traits that complement their desired degree can also aid them in their future University experience.»
«Pool Cue» → «Snooker Cue»
«Stash your jerseys, bats, balls, and helmets in this heavy-duty chest from GoTeamGo. Features include ample surface area for decals, and built-in deodorizing panels. Comes in Lemon, Cinnamon, and Lavender.» → «Stash your jerseys, bats, balls, and helmets in this heavy-duty chest from GoTeamGo. Features include ample surface area for decals, and built-in deodorising panels. Comes in Lemon, Cinnamon, and Lavender.»
«Now the neighborhood dogs are free to visit your house, so keep an eye out!» → «Now the neighbourhood dogs are free to visit your house, so keep an eye out!»
«How hard is it to make a cheesesteak? Just put some meat and cheese in a bun.» → «How hard is it to make a Philly Cheesesteak? Just put some meat and cheese in a bun.»
«Spring fever baby! Spring dance fever that is... {0.SimFirstName} has been named the Spring Dance Queen! Her reward will be delivered by mail.» → «Spring fever baby! Spring dance fever that is... {0.SimFirstName} has been named the Spring Dance Queen! Her reward will be delivered by post.»
«Great!  {1.SimName} is really impressed with {0.SimFirstName}'s work and would like a makeover.» → «Great! {1.SimName} is really impressed with {0.SimFirstName}'s work and would like a makeover.»
«Sims with green thumbs can't get enough chat about their favorite subject.» → «Sims with green thumbs can't get enough chat about their favourite subject.»
«{0.SimFirstName} decides to keep the employee. Her co-workers hear through the rumor mill and are very relieved!» → «{0.SimFirstName} decides to keep the employee. Her co-workers hear through the rumour mill and are very relieved!»
«Top Colors» → «Top Colours»
«European Localization» → «European Localisation»
«The Whelohff’s seem to have it all. A big shiny house, nice car, and great careers…many people in the neighborhood aspire to be just like them. But with Rich’s late nights at the lab and Rosy’s social life to keep up, will anyone be there to raise the cute and charming little Zo?» → «The Whelohff’s seem to have it all. A big shiny house, nice car, and great careers…many people in the neighbourhood aspire to be just like them. But with Rich’s late nights at the lab and Rosy’s social life to keep up, will anyone be there to raise the cute and charming little Zo?»
«How did our ancestors survive in a world full of non-writing surfaces? Notes, game plans and scientific proofs appear on the whiteboard, only to disappear with an eraser swipe!» → «How did our ancestors survive in a world full of non-writing surfaces? Notes, match plans and scientific proofs appear on the whiteboard, only to disappear with an eraser swipe!»
«Sense of Humor Chip» → «Sense of Humour Chip»
«Like a geyser of goop on children’s TV, {0.SimName} uses Green Dew to colorfully transform {1.SimName}!» → «Like a geyser of goop on children’s TV, {0.SimName} uses Green Dew to colourfully transform {1.SimName}!»
«Another useful tool is the Sim Skewer. Clicking a portrait of a Sim will select that Sim and clicking the portrait of an already selected Sim will center the camera on that Sim. Right-clicking a portrait will not only center the camera, but also follow that Sim as they move. On a single button mouse, hold the “Command” key while clicking on a portrait to center on and follow a Sim.» → «Another useful tool is the Sim Skewer. Clicking a portrait of a Sim will select that Sim and clicking the portrait of an already selected Sim will centre the camera on that Sim. Right-clicking a portrait will not only centre the camera, but also follow that Sim as they move. On a single button mouse, hold the “Command” key while clicking on a portrait to centre on and follow a Sim.»
«You aren't quite sure how it all happened, but one moment things were going fine then BAM - you have a pet gnawing on you! Ouch!» → «You aren't quite sure how it all happened, but one moment things were going fine then BAM - you have a pet gnawing on you! Ouch!»
«• Your Sim prefers to socialize with Cats over Sims.» → «• Your Sim prefers to socialise with Cats over Sims.»
«This '{1.String}' photo has been uploaded to {0.SimFirstName}'s portfolio.  The portfolio is now {2.Number}% complete!» → «This '{1.String}' photo has been uploaded to {0.SimFirstName}'s portfolio. The portfolio is now {2.Number}% complete!»
«Can you help spice up this outfit with some hot accessories?  Its drabness is overwhelming me.» → «Can you help spice up this outfit with some hot accessories? Its drabness is overwhelming me.»
«Personable Sims have learned at least {0.Number} Traits of their friends and neighbors. They are able to learn traits more quickly when conversing with new people.» → «Personable Sims have learned at least {0.Number} Traits of their friends and neighbours. They are able to learn traits more quickly when conversing with new people.»
«The Priciples of Principals» → «The Principles of Principals»
«If only the Vampire Council would approve plasma-flavored tofu, I wouldn't have to resort to such measures!» → «If only the Vampire Council would approve plasma-flavoured tofu, I wouldn't have to resort to such measures!»
«You know that dry, stale feeling when you're really thirsty?  Well, {0.SimFirstName} could use some water so {MA.he}{FA.she} can avoid that feeling.» → «You know that dry, stale feeling when you're really thirsty? Well, {0.SimFirstName} could use some water so {MA.he}{FA.she} can avoid that feeling.»
«When you’re ready to get serious about your leisure, then pick up the chair used by professional relaxers in over 50 nationally-recognized competitions! The Sand Lounger is so stress-shatteringly laid back, you’ll wonder how you can even sit in it without a book and/or drink in your hand. Place one in your favorite stress-free environment, and start doing nothing as hard as you can.» → «When you’re ready to get serious about your leisure, then pick up the chair used by professional relaxers in over 50 nationally-recognised competitions! The Sand Lounger is so stress-shatteringly laid back, you’ll wonder how you can even sit in it without a book and/or drink in your hand. Place one in your favorite stress-free environment, and start doing nothing as hard as you can.»
«The Sims™ 3 High-End Loft Stuff Install» → «The Sims™ 3 Design & High-Tech Stuff Install»
«Licorice Energsplosion» → «Liquorice Energsplosion»
«Attend Free Game With Pack» → «Attend Free Match With Pack»
«Once the site of the Bridgeport armory, it was decided that next to a bridge was a poor place to store high explosives. Now the Armory caters to nocturnal city dwellers who like the thick walls and small windows.» → «Once the site of the Bridgeport armoury, it was decided that next to a bridge was a poor place to store high explosives. Now the Armoury caters to nocturnal city dwellers who like the thick walls and small windows.»
«Not everyone wants to live in the center of town. If you have something to hide, you can hide it here.» → «Not everyone wants to live in the centre of town. If you have something to hide, you can hide it here.»
«Equestrian Center Ahead!» → «Equestrian Centre Ahead!»
«Your pet has decided that it's time to start a family.  There's nothing more special than creating a new life!  Your pet wants to Become Pregnant!» → «Your pet has decided that it's time to start a family. There's nothing more special than creating a new life! Your pet wants to Become Pregnant!»
«Attend the Charity Game at the {OpTarget}.» → «Attend the Charity Match at the {OpTarget}.»
«{0.SimName} found {1.Number} ancient coins!  The household now has a total of {2.Number} ancient coins.» → «{0.SimName} found {1.Number} ancient coins! The household now has a total of {2.Number} ancient coins.»
«The lifeguard chair as your perch, you watch the seas like a hawk. You can spot a Sim in distress from a mile away, then cover that distance in no time flat!\n\n{0.SimFirstName} can now run like the lifeguarding legends!» → «The lifeguard chair as your perch, you watch the seas like a hawk. You can spot a Sim in distress from more than a mile (1.6km) away, then cover that distance in no time flat!\n\n{0.SimFirstName} can now run like the lifeguarding legends!»
«A lifeline to all swimmers in distress, weak or strong, you could drag an entire baseball team to shore if you needed to.\n\n{0.SimFirstName} can now wade and swim faster.» → «A lifeline to all swimmers in distress, weak or strong, you could drag an entire cricket team to shore if you needed to.\n\n{0.SimFirstName} can now wade and swim faster.»
«You adorn the covers of the most popular teenage celebrity magazines. Your picture is no doubt plastered in the high school lockers of your adoring fans. Don’t let the fame get to your head as you’re still just a kid!» → «You adorn the covers of the most popular teenage celebrity magazines. Your picture is no doubt plastered in the secondary school lockers of your adoring fans. Don’t let the fame get to your head as you’re still just a kid!»
«Flames roar to life, forming a barrier across the entrance. Clearly Landgraab was a man who enjoyed his privacy.» → «Flames roar to life, forming a barrier across the entrance. Clearly Landgraab was a lad who enjoyed his privacy.»
«Every pet deserves a clean place to live.  Give your horse a box stall that never needs to be cleaned.» → «Every pet deserves a clean place to live. Give your horse a box stall that never needs to be cleaned.»
«{0.SimName} won’t let the color from that Blue Dew confuse {MA.him}{FA.her}. {0.SimFirstName} is thrilled about this boldly fashionable transformation!» → «{0.SimName} won’t let the colour from that Blue Dew confuse {MA.him}{FA.her}. {0.SimFirstName} is thrilled about this boldly fashionable transformation!»
«Are you sure you want to scrap this mystery invention?  Doing so will cancel {0.SimFirstName}'s {1.String} opportunity.» → «Are you sure you want to scrap this mystery invention? Doing so will cancel {0.SimFirstName}'s {1.String} opportunity.»
«{0.SimFirstName} has No Sense of Humor» → «{0.SimFirstName} has No Sense of Humour»
«Is life bursting your bubble?! The Bubbluscious Bubble Bar can brighten things up with its variety of delicious and surprising flavors. It's guaranteed to make any day flavortastic!» → «Is life bursting your bubble?! The Bubbluscious Bubble Bar can brighten things up with its variety of delicious and surprising flavours. It's guaranteed to make any day flavourtastic!»
«Enter an Advanced Jumping Competition» → «Enter an Advanced Jumping Competition»
«Now that I’ve reorganized my life; got rid of old clothes, and put 600 pairs of shoes in storage, I’m now ready to have my place redesigned. Can you help me out?» → «Now that I’ve reorganised my life; got rid of old clothes, and put 600 pairs of shoes in storage, I’m now ready to have my place redesigned. Can you help me out?»
«The Case of the Rumor Mill» → «The Case of the Rumour Mill»
«Analyze a Rock» → «Analyse a Rock»
«Flavor Enhancement» → «Flavour Enhancement»
«We dare you not to scream “Ninja, vanish!” as you light one of these. The brightly colored smoke makes an excellent distraction for any occasion. Perfect for when you’re surrounded by a rival clan in the forest, escaping from henchmen, or just for those times when caped superheroes foil your bank heist.» → «We dare you not to scream “Ninja, vanish!” as you light one of these. The brightly coloured smoke makes an excellent distraction for any occasion. Perfect for when you’re surrounded by a rival clan in the forest, escaping from henchmen, or just for those times when caped superheroes foil your bank heist.»
«Make a game plan using a whiteboard at the {OpTarget}.» → «Make a match plan using a whiteboard at the {OpTarget}.»
«The Theatre owner likes what you’re doing with your guitar abilities, but wants to see you take your talent one step further. Improve your Guitar Skill by one level and the Theatre owner will reward you with a new composition!» → «The Cinema owner likes what you’re doing with your guitar abilities, but wants to see you take your talent one step further. Improve your Guitar Skill by one level and the Cinema owner will reward you with a new composition!»
«While at practice, {0.SimFirstName} was dared to throw a ball up a flag pole and have it land perfectly balanced on the top. Bets were placed (mostly against {0.SimFirstName}) and, as the ball was handed to {0.SimFirstName}, all were confident in their decisions. No one expected that {0.SimFirstName} would actually make the shot!  Not only did {0.SimFirstName} win a bit of spending cash, but also won the adoration of fans and teammates as well!» → «While at practice, {0.SimFirstName} was dared to throw a ball up a flag pole and have it land perfectly balanced on the top. Bets were placed (mostly against {0.SimFirstName}) and, as the ball was handed to {0.SimFirstName}, all were confident in their decisions. No one expected that {0.SimFirstName} would actually make the shot! Not only did {0.SimFirstName} win a bit of spending cash, but also won the adoration of fans and teammates as well!»
«{0.SimFirstName} barely drags {MA.himself}{FA.herself} out of the underground. {0.SimFirstName} has a newfound respect for those with good Athletic and Logic skills.  Being prepared for these adventures helps!» → «{0.SimFirstName} barely drags {MA.himself}{FA.herself} out of the underground. {0.SimFirstName} has a newfound respect for those with good Athletic and Logic skills. Being prepared for these adventures helps!»
«{0.SimFirstName} got more than {MA.he}{FA.she} bargained for when {MA.he}{FA.she} went into that tunnel unprepared.  After a series of harrowing encounters {MA.he}{FA.she} managed to escape.» → «{0.SimFirstName} got more than {MA.he}{FA.she} bargained for when {MA.he}{FA.she} went into that tunnel unprepared. After a series of harrowing encounters {MA.he}{FA.she} managed to escape.»
«Explore the world of Steampunk with this mystical globe sculpture. With its unique composition of Copper, Gold and Simonium, it is rumored to create powerful magnetic fields that can transport one through time or into alternate realities, though this is pure conjecture.» → «Explore the world of Steampunk with this mystical globe sculpture. With its unique composition of Copper, Gold and Simonium, it is rumoured to create powerful magnetic fields that can transport one through time or into alternate realities, though this is pure conjecture.»
«{2.SimFirstName} just tried for kittens with {1.SimFirstName}. {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember {MA.his}{FA.her} relationship with {1.SimFirstName}--maybe every time {MA.he}{FA.she} looks at {MA.his}{FA.her} kittens' faces!» → «{2.SimFirstName} just tried for kittens with {1.SimFirstName}. {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember {MA.his}{FA.her} relationship with {1.SimFirstName}—maybe every time {MA.he}{FA.she} looks at {MA.his}{FA.her} kittens' faces!»
«After writing a wonderfully insightful story, {0.SimFirstName} has won the Simitzer Prize for great reporting!  {0.SimFirstName} can enjoy the cash and the adoration of her co-workers!» → «After writing a wonderfully insightful story, {0.SimFirstName} has won the Simitzer Prize for great reporting! {0.SimFirstName} can enjoy the cash and the adoration of her co-workers!»
«The responses have been varied and full of good anecdotes.  Time to head back to work and compile these notes.» → «The responses have been varied and full of good anecdotes. Time to head back to work and compile these notes.»
«Subway Station» → «Underground Metro Station»
«Gregor Planeson works hard to provide for his family, though he’s not always sure they appreciate it. All things considered, he’s a man at ease with his life.» → «Gregor Planeson works hard to provide for his family, though he’s not always sure they appreciate it. All things considered, he’s a lad at ease with his life.»
«Now that you’re an Executive Chef, you must constantly improve the menu, meet the special requests of special guests, and determine the course of the restaurant. Some employees might disintegrate like a poorly constructed pie crust under the pressure, but that’s just how the cookie crumbles.» → «Now that you’re an Executive Chef, you must constantly improve the menu, meet the special requests of special guests, and determine the course of the restaurant. Some employees might disintegrate like a poorly constructed pie crust under the pressure, but that’s just how the biscuit crumbles.»
«Every restaurant that seeks to succeed must have a vision and food that deliciously inspires its patrons. The Chef de Cuisine must cultivate these culinary tendencies and let no Sim or untoward flavor stand in their way!» → «Every restaurant that seeks to succeed must have a vision and food that deliciously inspires its patrons. The Chef de Cuisine must cultivate these culinary tendencies and let no Sim or untoward flavour stand in their way!»
«These must be the papers that {2.String} was talking about.  Strange, it seems to have the MorcuCorp label on the front of the folder.  Time to get this back to {2.String}!» → «These must be the papers that {2.String} was talking about. Strange, it seems to have the MorcuCorp label on the front of the folder. Time to get this back to {2.String}!»
«An up and coming rookie challenged {0.SimFirstName} to a one-on-one showdown today in front of everyone (with no small amount of machismo). {0.SimFirstName} showed him how the game is truly meant to be played. That rookie's face was so red!  Your teammates were wonderfully impressed.» → «An up and coming rookie challenged {0.SimFirstName} to a one-on-one showdown today in front of everyone (with no small amount of machismo). {0.SimFirstName} showed him how the game is truly meant to be played. That rookie's face was so red! Your teammates were wonderfully impressed.»
«Provide Color Commentary for a Bot Competition.» → «Provide Analyst Commentary for a Bot Competition.»
«Give your team the support they need on game day by stuffing yourself in a crowded parking lot! Mars Rover gyro-technology ensures stability on even the roughest asphalt.» → «Give your team the support they need on match day by stuffing yourself in a crowded parking lot! Mars Rover gyro-technology ensures stability on even the roughest asphalt.»
«Innocent bystanders, spike strips, and rush-hour traffic are no trouble for you as a professional Getaway Driver. Keep your speeds high and your turns tight to keep the heat off your tail, and ensure members of The Organization get in, and get out, quick!» → «Innocent bystanders, spike strips, and rush-hour traffic are no trouble for you as a professional Getaway Driver. Keep your speeds high and your turns tight to keep the heat off your tail, and ensure members of The Organisation get in, and get out, quick!»
«Oh no! A neighbor with a watchful eye has called the police! Better break up the party, or you'll be in trouble!» → «Oh no! A neighbour with a watchful eye has called the police! Better break up the party, or you'll be in trouble!»
«A picture is worth a thousand words. Grab a friend’s camera or buy your own in the French market to learn the Photography Skill.  Once you start snapping away, you’ll pick up the skill in no time!» → «A picture is worth a thousand words. Grab a friend’s camera or buy your own in the French market to learn the Photography Skill. Once you start snapping away, you’ll pick up the skill in no time!»
«The owner was quick to note the age old saying -- look how one bad apple can ruin the bunch. It saddens me to see corruption from within, but I'm sure the store will be fine after this apple is de-wormed. Case closed.» → «The owner was quick to note the age old saying — look how one bad apple can ruin the bunch. It saddens me to see corruption from within, but I'm sure the store will be fine after this apple is de-wormed. Case closed.»
«“Ah, so {16.SimName} wants me to hand over this Relic, eh? I have no use for it, but you do, which means there is value in the piece.  I judge this value to be {9.Number} chunks of Copper.  Bring me this and I will hand over the Relic.  You had best hurry though, I may get a better offer!» → «“Ah, so {16.SimName} wants me to hand over this Relic, eh? I have no use for it, but you do, which means there is value in the piece. I judge this value to be {9.Number} chunks of Copper. Bring me this and I will hand over the Relic. You had best hurry though, I may get a better offer!»
«Angry cellists went into {OpTarget} and wreaked havoc on the bass music, muttering something about bassists ruining pieces originally written for cello. {OpTarget} needs your help reorganizing and will give you sheet music as a reward.» → «Angry cellists went into {OpTarget} and wreaked havoc on the bass music, muttering something about bassists ruining pieces originally written for cello. {OpTarget} needs your help reorganising and will give you sheet music as a reward.»
«Do you want to invite {0.SimName} over for a game of soccer?» → «Do you want to invite {0.SimName} over for a match of football?»
«Learn {1.SimFirstName}'s Favorite Food» → «Learn {1.SimFirstName}'s Favourite Food»
«Jessica's Favorite Saddle» → «Jessica's Favourite Saddle»
«For cutting edge advances in chair technology, the world looks to Eric Svend. And the chair-making powerhouse doesn’t disappoint, delivering yet another triumph in dining room seating. The Elsinore: simple, stable, and plain... just like the man that makes it.» → «For cutting edge advances in chair technology, the world looks to Eric Svend. And the chair-making powerhouse doesn’t disappoint, delivering yet another triumph in dining room seating. The Elsinore: simple, stable, and plain... just like the lad that makes it.»
«Hotspots are the center of the nightlife action! Your Sim wants to go to a hotspot. Check the newspaper or gossip with another Sim to find out where most Sims are going to be tonight.» → «Hotspots are the centre of the nightlife action! Your Sim wants to go to a hotspot. Check the newspaper or gossip with another Sim to find out where most Sims are going to be tonight.»
«The air is crisp, the cold breeze carries with it the smell of burning leaves, and it’s time for some harvest-time snacks. Sweet and spicy is the flavor of the season, and the Fall Fare Concession Stand is here with a variety of treats to satisfy. (Also known as Autumnal Appetizers.)» → «The air is crisp, the cold breeze carries with it the smell of burning leaves, and it’s time for some harvest-time snacks. Sweet and spicy is the flavour of the season, and the Autumn Fare Concession Stand is here with a variety of treats to satisfy. (Also known as Autumnal Appetizers.)»
«Grocery Store» → «Supermarket»
«{0.SimName} should wait awhile before dispelling rumors with this Sim again.» → «{0.SimName} should wait awhile before dispelling rumours with this Sim again.»
«Devin is a quiet man with the soul of a poet.» → «Devin is a quiet lad with the soul of a poet.»
«Fire. It threatens to consume everything we love, and yet we couldn’t survive just a few days without it. And thus, our strange, synchronized dance with fire continues. Our latest effort to contain and subdue the horrible flame demons is our Olde Time antique firebox. The hope is that its aged and dignified appearance will stir something in their ancient souls, if they even have such a thing. Bonus: it’s easy to clean!» → «Fire. It threatens to consume everything we love, and yet we couldn’t survive just a few days without it. And thus, our strange, synchronised dance with fire continues. Our latest effort to contain and subdue the horrible flame demons is our Olde Time antique firebox. The hope is that its aged and dignified appearance will stir something in their ancient souls, if they even have such a thing. Bonus: it’s easy to clean!»
«The Time Traveler has chosen to bestow the Almanac of Time to your Sim! The Almanac of Time is shared between all members of your Active Household and can be accessed from your Sim’s Inventory.\n\nReference the Time Almanac to explore Oasis Landing’s alternate Futures, view your Active Household’s Future Descendants, or to find more info about Oasis Landing’s Legacy Statues.» → «The Time Traveller has chosen to bestow the Almanac of Time to your Sim! The Almanac of Time is shared between all members of your Active Household and can be accessed from your Sim’s Inventory.\n\nReference the Time Almanac to explore Oasis Landing’s alternate Futures, view your Active Household’s Future Descendants, or to find more info about Oasis Landing’s Legacy Statues.»
«The pesky poltergeist has materialized on the isle and has started a food fight with the employees!» → «The pesky poltergeist has materialised on the isle and has started a food fight with the employees!»
«{0.SimFirstName} just caught an Uber Nanite, valued at {1.Money}!» → «{0.SimFirstName} just caught an Über Nanite, valued at {1.Money}!»
«{0.SimFirstName}'s ready to go at it!  For your furniture's sake, you better hope {MA.he}{FA.she} has a scratching post nearby!» → «{0.SimFirstName}'s ready to go at it! For your furniture's sake, you better hope {MA.he}{FA.she} has a scratching post nearby!»
«This tiny table tips the scales at over 4,000 pounds. Where this weight comes from is not important. What matters are the microscopic rockets that line the bottom and offset its absurd weight, making the Two-Ton surprisingly light and wieldy.» → «This tiny table tips the scales at over 1,800 kilograms. Where this weight comes from is not important. What matters are the microscopic rockets that line the bottom and offset its absurd weight, making the Two-Ton surprisingly light and wieldy.»
«Professional Inventors may be eccentric and weird but there is a great market for their quirky inventions.  It's a great opportunity to  turn a wacky skill into a viable business.» → «Professional Inventors may be eccentric and weird but there is a great market for their quirky inventions. It's a great opportunity to turn a wacky skill into a viable business.»
«These cookbooks mostly contain finger foods -- things that are fun to serve at parties and events. And every recipe makes a special note of detailing the presentation of the food. It seems as though Ghost chefs go to a lot of effort. A breakthrough is close; {0.SimName} just has to keep studying!» → «These cookbooks mostly contain finger foods — things that are fun to serve at parties and events. And every recipe makes a special note of detailing the presentation of the food. It seems as though Ghost chefs go to a lot of effort. A breakthrough is close; {0.SimName} just has to keep studying!»
«Friends, we are gathered here today to honor a very talented member of our community. Architectural Design is not an easy field – you must have patience, you must have artistic skill, you must have style, and you must be able to listen to your clients wishes and cater to their desires. I think we can all agree that {0.SimFirstName} is the most talented Architectural Designer {TownName} has ever seen! It is with great pleasure that I present the {1.String} to {0.SimFirstName}! Three cheers for {0.SimFirstName}! Hooray!» → «Friends, we are gathered here today to honour a very talented member of our community. Architectural Design is not an easy field – you must have patience, you must have artistic skill, you must have style, and you must be able to listen to your clients wishes and cater to their desires. I think we can all agree that {0.SimFirstName} is the most talented Architectural Designer {TownName} has ever seen! It is with great pleasure that I present the {1.String} to {0.SimFirstName}! Three cheers for {0.SimFirstName}! Hooray!»
«Hello, buddy. Let's be best friends! Together we can scour the junkyard for scrap, compare oil brands, and enjoy trivial entertainments! What fun!» → «Hello, buddy. Let's be best friends! Together we can scour the scrapyard for scrap, compare oil brands, and enjoy trivial entertainments! What fun!»
«Wow, what a great horse!  We'll have no problem finding a buyer for {0.SimFirstName}!» → «Wow, what a great horse! We'll have no problem finding a buyer for {0.SimFirstName}!»
«Uber Melancholy» → «Über Melancholy»
«Curses!  I have been led astray.  I must take my search to a different lot!» → «Curses! I have been led astray. I must take my search to a different lot!»
«As I stared at the ground I saw some foot prints.  Sadly they were my own.  This is all wrong.  I have to search on a different lot!» → «As I stared at the ground I saw some foot prints. Sadly they were my own. This is all wrong. I have to search on a different lot!»
«Straight off the truck and onto your lawn, this prefab is great for Sims who spend lots of time away from home. Some might say this home is small, but we prefer to call it cozy. This luxury prefab comes complete with a kitchen, bedroom, and bathroom. What more could a Sim possibly need?» → «Straight off the van and onto your lawn, this prefab is great for Sims who spend lots of time away from home. Some might say this home is small, but we prefer to call it cosy. This luxury prefab comes complete with a kitchen, bedroom, and bathroom. What more could a Sim possibly need?»
«Civic Center Winter Festival» → «Civic Centre Winter Festival»
«The Protest that {0.SimName} organized was a huge success! Sims will be more likely to find Bugs, Precious Gems, and Metals for the next few days.» → «The Protest that {0.SimName} organised was a huge success! Sims will be more likely to find Bugs, Precious Gems, and Metals for the next few days.»
«A note was passed with a rumor that the teacher likes apples. You should bring an apple to school for the teacher to improve your school performance!» → «A note was passed with a rumour that the teacher likes apples. You should bring an apple to school for the teacher to improve your school performance!»
«{OpTarget} regularly asks musicians to come play for their pediatric patients. This is a great chance for {OpOwner} to help kids feel better by playing their favorite songs. At the very least, it will ease their fear of the balloon clown they hired!» → «{OpTarget} regularly asks musicians to come play for their pediatric patients. This is a great chance for {OpOwner} to help kids feel better by playing their favourite songs. At the very least, it will ease their fear of the balloon clown they hired!»
«This versatile mushroom is prized for its flavor enhancing qualities and is a favorite for many Sims.» → «This versatile mushroom is prized for its flavour enhancing qualities and is a favourite for many Sims.»
«Rafael has reinvented himself since moving to the big city. The aspiring owner of a hip new club in downtown, he can often be found socializing with A-list celebrities. Will his social connections finally lead him to the details of Jessica's secret nightlife?» → «Rafael has reinvented himself since moving to the big city. The aspiring owner of a hip new club in downtown, he can often be found socialising with A-list celebrities. Will his social connections finally lead him to the details of Jessica's secret nightlife?»
«With Flying Colors» → «With Flying Colours»
«{0.SimName} has squished enough fruit to have Flavorful Feet! Nectar made by {0.SimName} will now be worth more!» → «{0.SimName} has squished enough fruit to have Flavourful Feet! Nectar made by {0.SimName} will now be worth more!»
«Brunton's Boxcar Diner» → «Brunton's Boxcar Eatery»
«The tests at the Science Center reveal that you may have significant psychic abilities. But you probably already knew that.» → «The tests at the Science Centre reveal that you may have significant psychic abilities. But you probably already knew that.»
«Your Sim is interested in experiencing the smell of hay, leather saddles, and sweating horses first-hand.  Your Sim wants to Visit the Horse Ranch.» → «Your Sim is interested in experiencing the smell of hay, leather saddles, and sweating horses first-hand. Your Sim wants to Visit the Horse Ranch.»
«The Schmidt Institute for the Laser Rhythm-a-con Awards of Excellence\nhereby recognizes\n{0.SimName}\nas having unmatched skills in throwing down electrifying beats.\nAwarded: {DateAndTime}, Witnessing Officer: Mr. W. B. Schmidt» → «The Schmidt Institute for the Laser Rhythm-a-con Awards of Excellence\nhereby recognises\n{0.SimName}\nas having unmatched skills in throwing down electrifying beats.\nAwarded: {DateAndTime}, Witnessing Officer: Mr. W. B. Schmidt»
«Go to the Theater to record a Demo CD.» → «Go to the Cinema to record a Demo CD.»
«Bring a Group Serving of Great Crepes to Work» → «Bring a Group Serving of Great Crêpes to Work»
«Many hours of enjoyment can be had by playing with a pet! It'd be great if you could pet and nuzzle your furry little critter! Your Sim wants to Play with a Rodent.» → «Many hours of enjoyment can be had by playing with a pet! It'd be great if you could pet and nuzzle your furry little critter! Your Sim wants to Play with a Rodent.»
«Besides being saddled with a sickeningly sweet name, GooGoo has a pretty easy lot in life. Continually coddled by Kim, this sweet young foal gets the best of everything. Although he sometimes misses his real mom, Kim is overly eager to fill that role, feeding him with a bottle in one hand and carrot in the other. Will he still get all the loving attention he's grown accustomed to once he grows up?» → «Besides being saddled with a sickeningly sweet name, GooGoo has a pretty easy lot in life. Continually coddled by Kim, this sweet young foal gets the best of everything. Although he sometimes misses his real mum, Kim is overly eager to fill that role, feeding him with a bottle in one hand and carrot in the other. Will he still get all the loving attention he's grown accustomed to once he grows up?»
«This is  an Outdoor Future Trashcan Lid» → «This is an Outdoor Future Waste Bin Lid»
«Darris Teeter Grocery & The Koffi Cafe» → «Darris Teeter Supermarket & The Koffi Café»
«Finished paintings can be placed on the wall with the Hand Tool in Buy Mode or by dragging the canvas with the cursor while in Live Mode.  The quality of the painting will directly affect the room's environment, which means happier Sims!» → «Finished paintings can be placed on the wall with the Hand Tool in Buy Mode or by dragging the canvas with the cursor while in Live Mode. The quality of the painting will directly affect the room's environment, which means happier Sims!»
«Sims with a higher Painting Skill level can paint Still Life paintings and eventually, stylized Still Life paintings. These interactions are available on the easel. They allow Sims to paint their surroundings as chosen by the player.» → «Sims with a higher Painting Skill level can paint Still Life paintings and eventually, stylised Still Life paintings. These interactions are available on the easel. They allow Sims to paint their surroundings as chosen by the player.»
«Rumor has it that long ago this park was the epicenter of ghostly supernatural activity. But now it’s just a regular park with an occasional haunting.» → «Rumour has it that long ago this park was the epicenter of ghostly supernatural activity. But now it’s just a regular park with an occasional haunting.»
«This order of books will cost {0.SimFirstName} {1.Money}.  Are you sure you want to place this order?» → «This order of books will cost {0.SimFirstName} {1.Money}. Are you sure you want to place this order?»
«The trash can has filled up and it's time to take the garbage out to the curb! Your Sim wants to empty the trashcan.» → «The waste bin has filled up and it's time to take the garbage out to the pavement! Your Sim wants to empty the waste bin.»
«Prepare Cheesesteak Sandwiches on the grill and bring them in your inventory to {0.SimName} to earn some cash.» → «Prepare Philly Cheesesteaks on the barbecue and bring them in your inventory to {0.SimName} to earn some cash.»
«Coorlee» → «Athanasia»
«{0.SimFirstName} just got a letter in the mail from {1.SimName}! It reads: "I find you attractive but couldn't tell you in person."» → «{0.SimFirstName} just got a letter in the post from {1.SimName}! It reads: "I find you attractive but couldn't tell you in person."»
«Snow Cone Machine» → «Sorbet Machine»
«{0.SimFirstName} has lost her last piece of {1.String} bait.  She is now fishing with no bait. She should choose new bait or go buy some more at the supermarket.» → «{0.SimFirstName} has lost her last piece of {1.String} bait. She is now fishing with no bait. She should choose new bait or go buy some more at the supermarket.»
«Behold! {2.SimName} just created {MA.his}{FA.her} first elixir! Toiling over the Alchemy Station reaped its rewards.  Now {2.SimFirstName} just needs to find a “willing” test subject!» → «Behold! {2.SimName} just created {MA.his}{FA.her} first elixir! Toiling over the Alchemy Station reaped its rewards. Now {2.SimFirstName} just needs to find a “willing” test subject!»
«There will never be another dull moment at your party once this baby is flipped on. You will see inhibitions and angst melt away while the  Luminous Oculus 9000 displays every color in the visible spectrum, leaving only the most exuberant of joy in its wake.» → «There will never be another dull moment at your party once this baby is flipped on. You will see inhibitions and angst melt away while the Luminous Oculus 9000 displays every colour in the visible spectrum, leaving only the most exuberant of joy in its wake.»
«Slapstick Humor» → «Slapstick Humour»
«Gonzalez» → «González»
«Getting kicked by a horse is no fun!  In fact, it's quite painful!  Ouch.» → «Getting kicked by a horse is no fun! In fact, it's quite painful! Ouch.»
«Crestview was a school founded on a single strong principal, the center for learning through writing. While noble in concept, this tactic ultimately proved futile in a ranching community that needed able bodies and strong workers. A tax was imposed in an attempt to rectify the situation, resulting in the construction of a world class sports facility attached to the school.» → «Crestview was a school founded on a single strong principal, the centre for learning through writing. While noble in concept, this tactic ultimately proved futile in a ranching community that needed able bodies and strong workers. A tax was imposed in an attempt to rectify the situation, resulting in the construction of a world class sports facility attached to the school.»
«{0.SimName} just improved {MA.his}{FA.her} Soccer Rank to {1.Number}» → «{0.SimName} just improved {MA.his}{FA.her} Football Rank to {1.Number}»
«Aside from the joys of getting through the draft successfully, you’re already enjoying the benefits of an improved relationship with your boss and an improved job performance.» → «Aside from the joys of getting through the trade window successfully, you’re already enjoying the benefits of an improved relationship with your boss and an improved job performance.»
«Somebody thinks you’re going places, specifically the head of the division. Sales, marketing, customer service, and manufacturing – all of them fall under the hefty chain of command that ends with you. It’s best to add a few meetings to your to-do list, as they help an organization run smoothly and efficiently.» → «Somebody thinks you’re going places, specifically the head of the division. Sales, marketing, customer service, and manufacturing – all of them fall under the hefty chain of command that ends with you. It’s best to add a few meetings to your to-do list, as they help an organisation run smoothly and efficiently.»
«My favorite music is {0.String}.» → «My favourite music is {0.String}.»
«De Goncalves General Store» → «De Gonçalves General Store»
«"Enter the Competition" at the Stadium with a favorite cat or dog to win big prizes!» → «"Enter the Competition" at the Stadium with a favourite cat or dog to win big prizes!»
«Built by the Zodiac Group to provide luxury housing to Bridgeport, One Leo Center is considered a premier location in the city.» → «Built by the Zodiac Group to provide luxury housing to Bridgeport, One Leo Centre is considered a premier location in the city.»
«Challenge Grim Reaper to a game of Chess» → «Challenge Grim Reaper to a match of Chess»
«Facial Hair Color» → «Facial Hair Colour»
«Localization Testing Project Manager» → «Localisation Testing Project Manager»
«Now that the rumors have been dispelled I should report back to {OpTarget}, gather my payment, and close this case.» → «Now that the rumours have been dispelled I should report back to {OpTarget}, gather my payment, and close this case.»
«Minerals Analyzed: {0.Number}» → «Minerals Analysed: {0.Number}»
«Your Sim is feeling charitable and wants to stretch out a friendly hand to a pet in need.  Your Sim wants to Adopt a Stray.» → «Your Sim is feeling charitable and wants to stretch out a friendly hand to a pet in need. Your Sim wants to Adopt a Stray.»
«No Sims are valid for the picker since they are either invalid or non-socializable Celebrities.» → «No Sims are valid for the picker since they are either invalid or non-socialisable Celebrities.»
«Asian Localization» → «Asian Localisation»
«You’ve established yourself as a legitimate name on the Plumbot Competition circuit. Take your competitive quest one step further by winning at the Advanced level!» → «You’ve established yourself as a legitimate name on the Plumbot Competition tour. Take your competitive quest one step further by winning at the Advanced level!»
«{2.SimName} has just learned how to Speak!  {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember the joyous feeling emanating from {MA.his}{FA.her} Sim as they shared their first ever non one-sided conversation! A moment that {MA.he}{FA.she} will always remember.» → «{2.SimName} has just learned how to Speak! {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember the joyous feeling emanating from {MA.his}{FA.her} Sim as they shared their first ever non one-sided conversation! A moment that {MA.he}{FA.she} will always remember.»
«Gaming is often a solitary pursuit. Your Sim wants to hit the town!  Pump some Simoleons into a giant machine and get lost in the flashing lights.» → «Gaming is often a solitary pursuit. Your Sim wants to hit the town! Pump some Simoleons into a giant machine and get lost in the flashing lights.»
«Teenage Sims can throw Teen Parties while their parents are out of town! Just make sure to keep things on the down-low... you wouldn't want a pesky neighbor to call the cops!» → «Teenage Sims can throw Teen Parties while their parents are out of town! Just make sure to keep things on the down-low... you wouldn't want a pesky neighbour to call the cops!»
«After exploring the cybernetic jungle of Gaia 13, {0.SimFirstName} was almost made chieftain of a tribe of neobarbarians.  Unfortunately the time stream opened and {0.SimFirstName} had to jet.» → «After exploring the cybernetic jungle of Gaia 13, {0.SimFirstName} was almost made chieftain of a tribe of neobarbarians. Unfortunately the time stream opened and {0.SimFirstName} had to jet.»
«It was so enlightening to sit in on a historical lecture on the evolution of fusion power.  {0.SimFirstName} took a bunch of notes but when the time stream opened they all blew away.  Better luck next time.» → «It was so enlightening to sit in on a historical lecture on the evolution of fusion power. {0.SimFirstName} took a bunch of notes but when the time stream opened they all blew away. Better luck next time.»
«{0.SimFirstName} spent a few uncomfortable hours in the brig of a Galactic War Cruiser for being a stowaway.  Eventually {MA.he}{FA.she} was able to reopen the time stream and depart to a better time.» → «{0.SimFirstName} spent a few uncomfortable hours in the brig of a Galactic War Cruiser for being a stowaway. Eventually {MA.he}{FA.she} was able to reopen the time stream and depart to a better time.»
«{0.SimFirstName} explored an ominous robotics graveyard filled with wreckage and broken hulks.  Despite the creepiness and total silence it was very interesting to see all the shapes and sizes of future robots.» → «{0.SimFirstName} explored an ominous robotics graveyard filled with wreckage and broken hulks. Despite the creepiness and total silence it was very interesting to see all the shapes and sizes of future robots.»
«{0.SimFirstName} was browsing in a floating marketplace when an ancient Junkbot came up to {MA.him}{FA.her} and gave {MA.him}{FA.her} a huge hug, saying "Thanks for everything." before toddering off.  That was weird.» → «{0.SimFirstName} was browsing in a floating marketplace when an ancient Junkbot came up to {MA.him}{FA.her} and gave {MA.him}{FA.her} a huge hug, saying "Thanks for everything." before toddering off. That was weird.»
«Your Sim dreams of adopting a baby girl to bring into the family. Baby girls are a wonderful addition to any family and will surely bring  years of joy for your Sim!» → «Your Sim dreams of adopting a baby girl to bring into the family. Baby girls are a wonderful addition to any family and will surely bring years of joy for your Sim!»
«Getting recognized on the street can be a bother, but that is a small price for fame!» → «Getting recognised on the street can be a bother, but that is a small price for fame!»
«{2.SimName} has just won an International Jumping competition. {MA.He}{FA.She}'ll always remember that winning isn't everything… it's the only thing.» → «{2.SimName} has just won an International Jumping competition. {MA.He}{FA.She}'ll always remember that winning isn't everything… it's the only thing.»
«A note is scrawled on the wall:  "Every good explorer should carry a tent and dried food at all times!  The stairs closed behind me, but luckily, I'm prepared.  I'm confident I'll find a way out any day now..."» → «A note is scrawled on the wall: "Every good explorer should carry a tent and dried food at all times! The stairs closed behind me, but luckily, I'm prepared. I'm confident I'll find a way out any day now..."»
«The West Tangerine Company has been going around in circles working to purchase Egyptian linen from a local seller. The seller seems to be holding out and the company would like to hire you as a consultant to finalize the deal.» → «The West Tangerine Company has been going around in circles working to purchase Egyptian linen from a local seller. The seller seems to be holding out and the company would like to hire you as a consultant to finalise the deal.»
«Founded by monks over 300 years ago, the city known today as Starlight Shores has always attracted Sims on a mission! Aspiring singers, musicians, and other performers make pilgrimages here looking for their big breaks and--with its beautiful coastal setting, unique local culture, and eclectic array of entertainment venues, performance competitions, and concerts--the city draws large crowds from all corners of the world. Many famous careers have been launched here, and new stars are being discovered every day. Who will be the next unknown Sim with the talent, passion, and determination to take them from rags to riches and make their dreams come true?» → «Founded by monks over 300 years ago, the city known today as Starlight Shores has always attracted Sims on a mission! Aspiring singers, musicians, and other performers make pilgrimages here looking for their big breaks and—with its beautiful coastal setting, unique local culture, and eclectic array of entertainment venues, performance competitions, and concerts—the city draws large crowds from all corners of the world. Many famous careers have been launched here, and new stars are being discovered every day. Who will be the next unknown Sim with the talent, passion, and determination to take them from rags to riches and make their dreams come true?»
«Access better channels on the same ol' TV.» → «Access pay channels for free on the same ol' TV.»
«Fix the Election... Machines» → «Fix the Budget Machines»
«Peroxide's bristly 1st album "The Mane Event" ushered in the short era of “Shag Rock”.  In three hair-raising albums before the band wigged out, Peroxide single-handedly transformed the tangled and graying glam music genre into a chart-topping, shaggy-chic musical hat-trick still heard in shampoo commercials and bromantic comedies to this day.  Any rock aficionado would be honored to own this unforgettable platinum album display.» → «Peroxide's bristly 1st album "The Mane Event" ushered in the short era of “Shag Rock”. In three hair-raising albums before the band wigged out, Peroxide single-handedly transformed the tangled and graying glam music genre into a chart-topping, shaggy-chic musical hat-trick still heard in shampoo commercials and bromantic comedies to this day. Any rock aficionado would be honoured to own this unforgettable platinum album display.»
«Culinary skills must be built slowly, with constant repetition. Your Sim wants to be an honored culinary master if it takes feeding the whole town!» → «Culinary skills must be built slowly, with constant repetition. Your Sim wants to be an honoured culinary master if it takes feeding the whole town!»
«{0.SimName} has finished {MA.his}{FA.her} penalty class at City Hall and can once again resume {MA.his}{FA.her} daycare business.» → «{0.SimName} has finished {MA.his}{FA.her} penalty class at City Hall and can once again resume {MA.his}{FA.her} nursery business.»
«I listened further. His voice was as gravelly as South Main Street.  No wait... they paved that last month...» → «I listened further. His voice was as gravelly as South Main Street. No wait... they paved that last month...»
«My informant liked to talk a lot; I began to suspect he was lonely.  His new curtains were connected with the case in a tenuous manner at best.» → «My informant liked to talk a lot; I began to suspect he was lonely. His new curtains were connected with the case in a tenuous manner at best.»
«The info was top secret, for my ears only.  I decided to go the extra mile and keep my non-phone ear out of it as well.» → «The info was top secret, for my ears only. I decided to go the extra mile and keep my non-phone ear out of it as well.»
«I asked my informant his name, and he obliged.  ‘Confidential’ is an odd moniker, he was probably teased as a child.» → «I asked my informant his name, and he obliged. ‘Confidential’ is an odd moniker, he was probably teased as a child.»
«The details were copious but necessary.  Information washed over me like water from a plunged toilet.» → «The details were copious but necessary. Information washed over me like water from a plunged toilet.»
«Every phrase was an enigma. Codes like “The eagle spies the glass house,” “The spatula has yet to flip,” and “I’m about to drive through a tunnel.” Are all but too common in my... hold on... hello?   Hello?» → «Every phrase was an enigma. Codes like “The eagle spies the glass house,” “The spatula has yet to flip,” and “I’m about to drive through a tunnel.” Are all but too common in my... hold on... hello? Hello?»
«Smearing colors on a canvas is so old fashioned.» → «Smearing colours on a canvas is so old fashioned.»
«Light up your nights with a little help from these wonderfully whimsical fireflies - that you've caught all by yourself!  Entertaining and educational, the House of Fireflies provides scientific fun for all ages. Bring a little magic to your life.» → «Light up your nights with a little help from these wonderfully whimsical fireflies - that you've caught all by yourself! Entertaining and educational, the House of Fireflies provides scientific fun for all ages. Bring a little magic to your life.»
«It works! Your readings were off the chart! Your quarks have acquired a distinctly whimsical spin, with only a small, colorful side effect! Just one Sim isn’t enough to make a difference – we need more! Take my whole stock of Dew and splash your fellow Sims with it.» → «It works! Your readings were off the chart! Your quarks have acquired a distinctly whimsical spin, with only a small, colourful side effect! Just one Sim isn’t enough to make a difference – we need more! Take my whole stock of Dew and splash your fellow Sims with it.»
«A High Rise is an exciting place for single Sims to enjoy a vibrant urban center. A delicious drink and a hot dance floor are just a few steps away!» → «A High Rise is an exciting place for single Sims to enjoy a vibrant urban centre. A delicious drink and a hot dance floor are just a few steps away!»
«Cold Color Swatches» → «Cold Colour Swatches»
«In a time with fewer flammable materials, open fireplaces are all the rage! The SootStack cozies up your family room while projecting a very “industrial” look.» → «In a time with fewer flammable materials, open fireplaces are all the rage! The SootStack cosies up your family room while projecting a very “industrial” look.»
«Once you have completed your Face and Body Regions you can customize your pet's eyes! We've also included the option to make your pets Heterochromia! Now you can have pets with two different eye colors!» → «Once you have completed your Face and Body Regions you can customise your pet's eyes! We've also included the option to make your pets Heterochromia! Now you can have pets with two different eye colours!»
«Following body regions you can enter Face regions on the lower right hand corner. Here it will let you customize speciific areas of your pets face by simply selecting the region you're most interested in on the Mini Map or by selecting a region directly on your pet.» → «Following body regions you can enter Face regions on the lower right hand corner. Here it will let you customise speciific areas of your pets face by simply selecting the region you're most interested in on the Mini Map or by selecting a region directly on your pet.»
«Entering Pet Shape Advanced Mode for the first time will set you at Body Regions. In Body Regions there will be Head, Body, and Leg sliders for you to customize your pet. Of course Slider availability will be dependent on your selected pet.» → «Entering Pet Shape Advanced Mode for the first time will set you at Body Regions. In Body Regions there will be Head, Body, and Leg sliders for you to customise your pet. Of course Slider availability will be dependent on your selected pet.»
«The Serialization of Time» → «The Serialisation of Time»
«The highlight of this stately home is the long hallway extending from the living room to the formal dining room.  The majestic passageway makes the dining room seem all the more formal.» → «The highlight of this stately home is the long hallway extending from the living room to the formal dining room. The majestic passageway makes the dining room seem all the more formal.»
«Ergonomically crafted to maximize both air flow and feng shui, don't be surprised if you feel a breeze of fortune with this lucky coffee table.» → «Ergonomically crafted to maximise both air flow and feng shui, don't be surprised if you feel a breeze of fortune with this lucky coffee table.»
«Success!  The patient is cured!  {0.SimFirstName}'s boss is impressed and gives you a small raise for your excellent powers of deduction!» → «Success! The patient is cured! {0.SimFirstName}'s boss is impressed and gives you a small raise for your excellent powers of deduction!»
«This clever piece features an adorable bunny caught in a sudden rain storm. The brilliant red umbrella draws the viewer's attention to the bunny's plight. Though smiling, one must theorize that he is cold and wet and possibly lonely. It makes one ponder the questions who is this bunny? Where is he? Why is he alone? What does a wet bunny smell like?» → «This clever piece features an adorable bunny caught in a sudden rain storm. The brilliant red umbrella draws the viewer's attention to the bunny's plight. Though smiling, one must theorise that he is cold and wet and possibly lonely. It makes one ponder the questions who is this bunny? Where is he? Why is he alone? What does a wet bunny smell like?»
«Whether he’s training to protect his town or just to stay in shape, Richter is a health nut who likes to spend his days outdoors, especially at the beach lifting weights on the boardwalk. His other hobbies include getting a tan and taking long walks on the beach.  He is an outgoing guy that is loved by many but secretly reviled by a few because of his chiseled good looks and charming personality.» → «Whether he’s training to protect his town or just to stay in shape, Richter is a health nut who likes to spend his days outdoors, especially at the beach lifting weights on the boardwalk. His other hobbies include getting a tan and taking long walks on the beach. He is an outgoing guy that is loved by many but secretly reviled by a few because of his chiseled good looks and charming personality.»
«Set Plant Color» → «Set Plant Colour»
«2BR / 3 Bath - A convenient central atrium that leads to a large second floor deck is the feature of this custom built waterside home.  Imagine the compositions inspired by the rain on the tin roof!» → «2BR / 3 Bath - A convenient central atrium that leads to a large second floor deck is the feature of this custom built waterside home. Imagine the compositions inspired by the rain on the tin roof!»
«Stalk a variety of prey including birds, bugs, reptiles, and more! No matter what the skill level, delicious creatures are just a prowl away! Devour critters on the spot, or Present them to favorite Sims to show how much they are loved.» → «Stalk a variety of prey including birds, bugs, reptiles, and more! No matter what the skill level, delicious creatures are just a prowl away! Devour critters on the spot, or Present them to favourite Sims to show how much they are loved.»
«They say reality TV rots your brain, but for Juanita it was the launching pad to a fabulous career! After winning season one of "Dishes to Delicacy", a show that takes minimum wage dishwashers and turns them into top chefs, life couldn't seem to get any better. It was that very moment that she laid eyes on beefy Barrington, and a romance swiftly blossomed.» → «They say reality TV rots your brain, but for Juanita it was the launching pad to a fabulous career! After winning Series 1 of "Dishes to Delicacy", a show that takes minimum wage dishwashers and turns them into top chefs, life couldn't seem to get any better. It was that very moment that she laid eyes on beefy Barrington, and a romance swiftly blossomed.»
«Material Color {0.Number}» → «Material Colour {0.Number}»
«Sepulveda» → «Sepúlveda»
«{2.SimName} got {MA.his}{FA.her} favorite Sim’s attention with a beautiful performance on the Laser Rhythm-a-con!» → «{2.SimName} got {MA.his}{FA.her} favourite Sim’s attention with a beautiful performance on the Laser Rhythm-a-con!»
«With all security doors on this level open, your Sim may descend further into the command center.» → «With all security doors on this level open, your Sim may descend further into the command centre.»
«Do I look green and fuzzy to you? Do you think I live in a trash can? Because that's the only possible excuse for how trashy this resort is. Do Not Recommend.» → «Do I look green and fuzzy to you? Do you think I live in a waste bin? Because that's the only possible excuse for how trashy this resort is. Do Not Recommend.»
«I noticed the resort staff was more interested in socializing then cleaning up this filthy place.» → «I noticed the resort staff was more interested in socialising then cleaning up this filthy place.»
«Obtain your own self-contained fire starter with this Incinerating Firepit by It's a Blaze Co. Its stone base and open frame provides maximum illumination and an efficient energy conversion ratio. You will definitely want to place this in the center of any living space or outdoor area. Marshmallows not included.» → «Obtain your own self-contained fire starter with this Incinerating Firepit by It's a Blaze Co. Its stone base and open frame provides maximum illumination and an efficient energy conversion ratio. You will definitely want to place this in the centre of any living space or outdoor area. Marshmallows not included.»
«Attempted Humor» → «Attempted Humour»
«Socialized with the Grim Reaper» → «Socialised with the Grim Reaper»
«After a divorce with his wife left the house a little too quiet, Paul invited his son’s family to move into his house to be closer to the grandchildren. When he was younger, Paul was a very successful and hard-working artist, and his work has been shown in museums all over the world. He hasn’t been painting as much as he used to, since he took a part time job to meet new people (and to get away from his pesky neighbors, the Gooders). Paul is also known to grill a mean fish and can often be seen around the town fishing holes.» → «After a divorce with his wife left the house a little too quiet, Paul invited his son’s family to move into his house to be closer to the grandchildren. When he was younger, Paul was a very successful and hard-working artist, and his work has been shown in museums all over the world. He hasn’t been painting as much as he used to, since he took a part time job to meet new people (and to get away from his pesky neighbours, the Gooders). Paul is also known to grill a mean fish and can often be seen around the town fishing holes.»
«Relic Collection Connoisseurs have completed {0.Number} relic collections.  Relic Collection Connoisseurs gain {1.Number}% more mood increase from the wondrous Collection moodlet.» → «Relic Collection Connoisseurs have completed {0.Number} relic collections. Relic Collection Connoisseurs gain {1.Number}% more mood increase from the wondrous Collection moodlet.»
«Welcome to the world of professional sculpting!  To move up the ranks and earn recognition, you'll need to make sculptures that sell.  Keep chiseling away and you'll be earning money and promotions in no time.» → «Welcome to the world of professional sculpting! To move up the ranks and earn recognition, you'll need to make sculptures that sell. Keep chiseling away and you'll be earning money and promotions in no time.»
«Around town, children and teenagers can play pranks on members of the community at different public locations as well as at their neighbor's homes. Try clicking on the doorstep of your Sim's neighbor to get started!» → «Around town, children and teenagers can play pranks on members of the community at different public locations as well as at their neighbour's homes. Try clicking on the doorstep of your Sim's neighbour to get started!»
«{2.SimName} just witnessed {1.SimName} grow up into a teen. {MA.He}{FA.She}'ll never forget the dread {MA.he}{FA.she} felt when {MA.he}{FA.she} realized those moody teenage years have just begun!» → «{2.SimName} just witnessed {1.SimName} grow up into a teen. {MA.He}{FA.She}'ll never forget the dread {MA.he}{FA.she} felt when {MA.he}{FA.she} realised those moody teenage years have just begun!»
«Many imagine the romance of a career in writing but few can bear the isolation and discipline it takes to be great! Time to dust off the laptop, fill up a giant coffee mug and get writing.   A few dinky hours a day might cut it for a hobbyist but you’re a professional writer now and your publishers expect tomes of inspired prose!» → «Many imagine the romance of a career in writing but few can bear the isolation and discipline it takes to be great! Time to dust off the laptop, fill up a giant coffee mug and get writing. A few dinky hours a day might cut it for a hobbyist but you’re a professional writer now and your publishers expect tomes of inspired prose!»
«Harborial Habitat – 3 br, 3.5 ba» → «Harbourial Habitat – 3 br, 3.5 ba»
«Comfort Capacitor  – 3 br, 4 ba» → «Comfort Capacitor – 3 br, 4 ba»
«Many people believe that Amon the Explorer based this design on an ancient chair he discovered during the excavation of Aeson’s Tomb. Little do people know, Amon gave up on the chair’s construction halfway through building it, when he realized he was an explorer and not a carpenter. The chair’s original inspiration was a life-size wooden replica of an elephant.» → «Many people believe that Amon the Explorer based this design on an ancient chair he discovered during the excavation of Aeson’s Tomb. Little do people know, Amon gave up on the chair’s construction halfway through building it, when he realised he was an explorer and not a carpenter. The chair’s original inspiration was a life-size wooden replica of an elephant.»
«Swimming pools are great additions to your rumpus room, your second story bathroom, your roof, anywhere!» → «Swimming pools are great additions to your rumpus room, your second floor bathroom, your roof, anywhere!»
«Keep an eye out in Bridgeport for the food truck. It’s the best place to get a sinfully greasy snack on the go!» → «Keep an eye out in Bridgeport for the food van. It’s the best place to get a sinfully greasy snack on the go!»
«Looking for some rough or lowbrow fun? Try a Dive Bar. Want to dance the night away? Head to a Dance Club! Want to schmooze with high class Celebrities and rich Sims? Try a Lounge.» → «Looking for some rough or lowbrow fun? Try a Corner Pub. Want to dance the night away? Head to a Dance Club! Want to schmooze with high class Celebrities and rich Sims? Try a Lounge.»
«The Bot Arena’s top announcer has lost his otherwise golden voice! You’re the only Sim able to fill in with Color Commentary for tonight’s broadcast.» → «The Bot Arena’s top announcer has lost his otherwise golden voice! You’re the only Sim able to fill in with analyst commentary for tonight’s broadcast.»
«Collection of {0.String}.  {1.Number} / {2.Number} discovered.» → «Collection of {0.String}. {1.Number} / {2.Number} discovered.»
«Bedazzle your pool with the hottest aquatic accessory available!  This glamorous ladder will lead you to new heights, both mentally and physically. More than one small step for Sims, you'll be swimming in water or leaping back onto land with ease!» → «Bedazzle your pool with the hottest aquatic accessory available! This glamorous ladder will lead you to new heights, both mentally and physically. More than one small step for Sims, you'll be swimming in water or leaping back onto land with ease!»
«Optimum Fertilize» → «Optimum Fertilise»
«Hey, neighbor, welcome to the area!  I hear you’ve got some flooding!  Would you like me to help fix your leaks?  Free of charge, of course.» → «Hey, neighbour, welcome to the area! I hear you’ve got some flooding! Would you like me to help fix your leaks? Free of charge, of course.»
«The social worker has shut down {0.SimName}'s daycare due to mistreatment of a child!» → «The social worker has shut down {0.SimName}'s nursery due to mistreatment of a child!»
«The Chess tournament circuit is a great way for Sims to improve their Logic Skill and meet new Sims around the neighborhood. Sims at the top of the circuit also teach others chess more quickly!» → «The Chess tournament circuit is a great way for Sims to improve their Logic Skill and meet new Sims around the neighbourhood. Sims at the top of the circuit also teach others chess more quickly!»
«Elementary school taught {0.SimFirstName} the basics of art and now that {MA.he}{FA.she} is a teenager you might want to continue {MA.his}{FA.her} path to help {MA.him}{FA.her} find {MA.his}{FA.her} "vision". Would you like {0.SimFirstName} to remain enrolled in LeFromage Art School? This will cost an additional {2.Money}.» → «Primary school taught {0.SimFirstName} the basics of art and now that {MA.he}{FA.she} is a teenager you might want to continue {MA.his}{FA.her} path to help {MA.him}{FA.her} find {MA.his}{FA.her} "vision". Would you like {0.SimFirstName} to remain enrolled in LeFromage Art School? This will cost an additional {2.Money}.»
«Your Sim wants to zip around town on a magic broom.  Because riding a regular broom is WAY less fun.» → «Your Sim wants to zip around town on a magic broom. Because riding a regular broom is WAY less fun.»
«Palm trees are the weeds of the tree kingdom. Like sticks with dreadlocks - they don't provide shade, or food, and you definitely can't build a tree house in them. But if you dream of warm weather and sand, these are the trees for you!» → «Palm trees are the weeds of the tree kingdom. Like sticks with dreadlocks - they don't provide shade, or food, and you definitely can't build a tree house in them. But if you dream of warm weather and sand, these are the trees for you!»
«Attend Game For Free!» → «Attend Match For Free!»
«Your pet is absolutely smitten and has decided it's time to take their relationship to the next level.  Your pet wants to mate with another pet.» → «Your pet is absolutely smitten and has decided it's time to take their relationship to the next level. Your pet wants to mate with another pet.»
«King of the Lounge Pool Table by Weighty Concepts» → «King of the Lounge Snooker Table by Weighty Concepts»
«A true master of the mixological arts knows how to combine different juice flavors with such skill that their creations both tickle the tongues and transform the minds of their Sim customers.» → «A true master of the mixological arts knows how to combine different juice flavours with such skill that their creations both tickle the tongues and transform the minds of their Sim customers.»
«Should you push your luck even further and Pet the Wild Horse?  Everything else has gone pretty well right?! Right! Let's hope the Wild Horse continues to be tame and content. Your Sim wants to Pet a Wild Horse.» → «Should you push your luck even further and Pet the Wild Horse? Everything else has gone pretty well right?! Right! Let's hope the Wild Horse continues to be tame and content. Your Sim wants to Pet a Wild Horse.»
«{1.SimFirstName} seems to be on the right trail as this is clearly not a regular living area.  Time to find those computers and hack away!» → «{1.SimFirstName} seems to be on the right trail as this is clearly not a regular living area. Time to find those computers and hack away!»
«Localization Team - Asia» → «Localisation Team - Asia»
«{0.SimFirstName}'s relatives are honored to receive such a glorious firework ceremony.  {0.SimFirstName} has been rewearded with {1.Money}.» → «{0.SimFirstName}'s relatives are honoured to receive such a glorious firework ceremony. {0.SimFirstName} has been rewearded with {1.Money}.»
«Prefer to have more control?  Turn Auto Roofs off and drag the exact areas where you want certain roofs to be. You can make multi-level and multi-type roofs this way!» → «Prefer to have more control? Turn Auto Roofs off and drag the exact areas where you want certain roofs to be. You can make multi-level and multi-type roofs this way!»
«{0.SimFirstName} dreamt that everything about {MA.himself}{FA.herself} was the exact opposite.  {MA.He}{FA.She} woke up to find it had actually happened!» → «{0.SimFirstName} dreamt that everything about {MA.himself}{FA.herself} was the exact opposite. {MA.He}{FA.She} woke up to find it had actually happened!»
«Brick walls make for obvious rock and roll metaphors, symbolizing the façade of conformity and constraint. The Basic does not escape this context, although reports that it’s just another brick in the wall have yet to be substantiated.» → «Brick walls make for obvious rock and roll metaphors, symbolising the façade of conformity and constraint. The Basic does not escape this context, although reports that it’s just another brick in the wall have yet to be substantiated.»
«Magazines and blogs are important, but educated minds need long-form focus.  Books provide the needed stimulation, and your professor is eager to reward the most literate students.» → «Magazines and blogs are important, but educated minds need long-form focus. Books provide the needed stimulation, and your professor is eager to reward the most literate students.»
«{2.SimName} just threw a birthday party for {1.SimName}! {MA.He}{FA.She}'ll remember the streamers, cake, and the surprised look on the guest of honor's face!» → «{2.SimName} just threw a birthday party for {1.SimName}! {MA.He}{FA.She}'ll remember the streamers, cake, and the surprised look on the guest of honour's face!»
«A huge crisis has sprung up in one of the neighborhoods - a strange presence is removing all the toilets from everyone's houses!  {0.SimFirstName} is on the job and forms a quick plan to hire several more maids to clean up puddles from the resulting disaster. A temporary solution to a, hopefully, temporary problem. It garners {0.SimFirstName} a raise!» → «A huge crisis has sprung up in one of the neighbourhoods - a strange presence is removing all the toilets from everyone's houses! {0.SimFirstName} is on the job and forms a quick plan to hire several more maids to clean up puddles from the resulting disaster. A temporary solution to a, hopefully, temporary problem. It garners {0.SimFirstName} a raise!»
«This white fir tree was a favorite of the hill tribes that once roamed the heights above Twinbrook. They carved weapons and ornaments from its boughs, used the leaves to soften their beds, and the bark for medicinal reasons.» → «This white fir tree was a favourite of the hill tribes that once roamed the heights above Twinbrook. They carved weapons and ornaments from its boughs, used the leaves to soften their beds, and the bark for medicinal reasons.»
«Honorary Incense Holder of Jun Pao» → «Honourary Incense Holder of Jun Pao»
«I managed to recover {OpSource}'s driver's license, but no sign of the meatier prize -- the wallet. I should question some locals to see if they've seen the wayward wallet.» → «I managed to recover {OpSource}'s driver's license, but no sign of the meatier prize — the wallet. I should question some locals to see if they've seen the wayward wallet.»
«Ah, Monsieur!  You have returned my precious baseball.  I thank you from the depths of my heart.  It is lucky you see, I would never dare to go into a place like those ruins without it at my side.  That is why I had to pay you to do it for me. \n\nSpeaking of payment, here are some Ancient Coins.  You will find these scattered around many tombs that you explore. Some merchants, for instance {16.SimName}, only accept these for their wares.  The most interesting of items can be purchased with them.  Now, enjoy the rest of your time in Champs Les Sims!» → «Ah, Monsieur! You have returned my precious baseball. I thank you from the depths of my heart. It is lucky you see, I would never dare to go into a place like those ruins without it at my side. That is why I had to pay you to do it for me. \n\nSpeaking of payment, here are some Ancient Coins. You will find these scattered around many tombs that you explore. Some merchants, for instance {16.SimName}, only accept these for their wares. The most interesting of items can be purchased with them. Now, enjoy the rest of your time in Champs Les Sims!»
«Shining just a bit more brightly, and hanging just a little bit more haughtily, this simply elegant ceiling lamp is destined to be your new favorite. Sit and bask in its warm glow. It’s so lovely that you’ll never want to turn it off.» → «Shining just a bit more brightly, and hanging just a little bit more haughtily, this simply elegant ceiling lamp is destined to be your new favourite. Sit and bask in its warm glow. It’s so lovely that you’ll never want to turn it off.»
«Cozy Counter Island» → «Cosy Counter Island»
«Hi-Tech furniture meets hi-tech thinking with the M0nolith 3nd 7able, the culmination of forward thinking design. The fiber optics embedded in stone may pulse a variety of colors, but this table screams green. Solar power at an off-site location is transmitted through a magnetically coupled resonance to give this table its glow, making it a triumph of form and function.» → «Hi-Tech furniture meets hi-tech thinking with the M0nolith 3nd 7able, the culmination of forward thinking design. The fiber optics embedded in stone may pulse a variety of colours, but this table screams green. Solar power at an off-site location is transmitted through a magnetically coupled resonance to give this table its glow, making it a triumph of form and function.»
«A Feline Fisher has caught {0.Number} Fish.  As a reward the chance of catching rarer fish is increased» → «A Feline Fisher has caught {0.Number} Fish. As a reward the chance of catching rarer fish is increased»
«When Nectar is concerned, with old age comes fine flavors! Your Sim wants to drink a bottle of Nectar that is aged just perfectly.» → «When Nectar is concerned, with old age comes fine flavours! Your Sim wants to drink a bottle of Nectar that is aged just perfectly.»
«New cats and dogs need attention, so make sure you socialize with them and maybe teach them a trick or two. They can also become destructive at times, so reward them with a toy to keep them happy and having fun.» → «New cats and dogs need attention, so make sure you socialise with them and maybe teach them a trick or two. They can also become destructive at times, so reward them with a toy to keep them happy and having fun.»
«Smaller in height and circumference than the traditional model, the Mini Glowing Globule Emitter is no less mesmerizing with its delicate waxy globules and brightly shining lighted base.» → «Smaller in height and circumference than the traditional model, the Mini Glowing Globule Emitter is no less mesmerising with its delicate waxy globules and brightly shining lighted base.»
«Right before {0.SimFirstName} went under the knife {MA.he}{FA.she} realized that all meaningful change comes from within and decided not to go through with the surgery.» → «Right before {0.SimFirstName} went under the knife {MA.he}{FA.she} realised that all meaningful change comes from within and decided not to go through with the surgery.»
«The Mad Scientist's Totally Safe and Harmless Institute of Inventive Creation and Learning hereby swears, avers, and certifies that  {0.SimName} is qualified on every level of mechanical creation, destruction, and modification in the realm of Inventing. \n \nAwarded: {DateAndTime}, Authorized Attending Scientist: Magnus Maurice Pimpleton, PhD.» → «The Mad Scientist's Totally Safe and Harmless Institute of Inventive Creation and Learning hereby swears, avers, and certifies that {0.SimName} is qualified on every level of mechanical creation, destruction, and modification in the realm of Inventing. \n \nAwarded: {DateAndTime}, Authorised Attending Scientist: Magnus Maurice Pimpleton, PhD.»
«This is one novel that will be torturing high school students for the next fifty years!» → «This is one novel that will be torturing secondary school students for the next fifty years!»
«Collecting Bugs is cool!  There are at least 20 bugs and beetles in the town, maybe more!  Some of them, like Butterflies, are easy to find, but others you have to go to weird places like the graveyard or far away from houses to get. You should try to find all of them like me!» → «Collecting Bugs is cool! There are at least 20 bugs and beetles in the town, maybe more! Some of them, like Butterflies, are easy to find, but others you have to go to weird places like the graveyard or far away from houses to get. You should try to find all of them like me!»
«90 Town Center Drive» → «90 Town Centre Drive»
«It's the bottom of the 7th, all bases are loaded, and the batter strikes out! If only there was an organist to rile up the crowd and cheer the batter on. The local team needs {OpOwner}'s help!» → «It's the 78th minute, the team is playing 11 versus 10, yet they keep missing their shots on goal. If only there was an organist to rile up the crowd and cheer the forwards on. The local team needs {OpOwner}'s help!»
«Steve» → «Sir Steve»
«Attend next game today at {0.String}» → «Attend next match today at {0.String}»
«{0.SimFirstName} was trying to finish a piece for the evening news today but was having a very hard time getting the right momentum. As he went to grab a drink of water, he accidentally tripped on the mail courier, landed on the mail cart and flew down the cubicle hall in a very ridiculous manner. {0.SimFirstName} eventually crashed into the boss's executive assistant and ended up in a comical pile of today's correspondence. His co-workers were amused by this hilarious gesture, but fortunately the landing finally popped an idea into his head!  {0.SimFirstName}'s job performance goes up and so does his relationship with his co-workers!» → «{0.SimFirstName} was trying to finish a piece for the evening news today but was having a very hard time getting the right momentum. As he went to grab a drink of water, he accidentally tripped on the mail courier, landed on the mail cart and flew down the cubicle hall in a very ridiculous manner. {0.SimFirstName} eventually crashed into the boss's executive assistant and ended up in a comical pile of today's correspondence. His co-workers were amused by this hilarious gesture, but fortunately the landing finally popped an idea into his head! {0.SimFirstName}'s job performance goes up and so does his relationship with his co-workers!»
«{0.SimName} put on a glorious convention! This is truly one for the record books!  {MA.He}{FA.She} was praised with free swag and {1.Money}.» → «{0.SimName} put on a glorious convention! This is truly one for the record books! {MA.He}{FA.She} was praised with free swag and {1.Money}.»
«The tomb didn’t kill you? Most excellent! It will take me some time to analyze these papers. Until then, MorcuCorp has other tasks for you.  Report to my lackey {2.String}. I don’t fully trust this person, but one cannot choose their employees. Do whatever is asked of you.» → «The tomb didn’t kill you? Most excellent! It will take me some time to analyse these papers. Until then, MorcuCorp has other tasks for you. Report to my lackey {2.String}. I don’t fully trust this person, but one cannot choose their employees. Do whatever is asked of you.»
«Behold two-tiers of cast stone and ceramic tile opulence designed for indoor or outdoor use!  The 6 HP pump sprays 56 gallons a minute in bubbling jets of imported sparkling water. Due to the special ionizing effect of this glistening sculpture, it will be so clean, you could eat off of it! (Mariachi band not included.)» → «Behold two-tiers of cast stone and ceramic tile opulence designed for indoor or outdoor use! The 6 HP pump sprays 46 gallons (211L) a minute in bubbling jets of imported sparkling water. Due to the special ionising effect of this glistening sculpture, it will be so clean, you could eat off of it! (Mariachi band not included.)»
«You did some truly incredible things in the skies, and only a few inches away from the other jets! Everyone left the show talking about your mile-high exploits, and your squad mates and commanding officer all think you’re cooler than ever.» → «You did some truly incredible things in the skies, and only a few centimetres away from the other jets! Everyone left the show talking about your sky-high exploits, and your squad mates and commanding officer all think you’re cooler than ever.»
«Randomize Traits» → «Randomise Traits»
«A loner by nature, about the only person that Connor Frio doesn’t mind having around is his brother, Jared. After all, his brother leaves him alone to be his own person, never trying to push him or mold him the way his parents and classmates did. No, Jared doesn’t mind that Connor often likes to just sit alone, reading a good book, so why would Connor want to spend time with anyone else?» → «A loner by nature, about the only person that Connor Frio doesn’t mind having around is his brother, Jared. After all, his brother leaves him alone to be his own person, never trying to push him or mould him the way his parents and classmates did. No, Jared doesn’t mind that Connor often likes to just sit alone, reading a good book, so why would Connor want to spend time with anyone else?»
«Play in Game (Home: {0.Number} - Away: {1.Number})» → «Play in Match (Home: {0.Number} - Away: {1.Number})»
«Fraternity House» → «Men's College»
«Our music is simply the best in the world.  If I were you, I would take every facet and make it your own.  You will go far!» → «Our music is simply the best in the world. If I were you, I would take every facet and make it your own. You will go far!»
«To really get into our music you have to understand that it is steeped in history and tradition.  To feel the legacy of the ages that have pressed themselves perfectly into each note is to reach the epiphany that you seek.» → «To really get into our music you have to understand that it is steeped in history and tradition. To feel the legacy of the ages that have pressed themselves perfectly into each note is to reach the epiphany that you seek.»
«Honestly I don't really like the music here.  It bores me.» → «Honestly I don't really like the music here. It bores me.»
«These Starry Hangers are built for after-school abuse, as coats and backpacks will be hung up on a daily basis. Kids will love its colorful triple stars and snappy design. Really, though, you should just be happy they're hanging up their stuff.» → «These Starry Hangers are built for after-school abuse, as coats and backpacks will be hung up on a daily basis. Kids will love its colourful triple stars and snappy design. Really, though, you should just be happy they're hanging up their stuff.»
«Alexander Roofington proudly presents his lastest innovation in things that curve: the Roof Curves! They’re the perfect topper to any hacienda. And they’re so easy to install -- all you have to do is drag and drop. That’s right! Just drag them up to your roof using a ladder and then drop them down wherever you want them.» → «Alexander Roofington proudly presents his lastest innovation in things that curve: the Roof Curves! They’re the perfect topper to any hacienda. And they’re so easy to install — all you have to do is drag and drop. That’s right! Just drag them up to your roof using a ladder and then drop them down wherever you want them.»
«Your Sim must attend class at City Hall to lift the daycare suspension» → «Your Sim must attend class at City Hall to lift the nursery suspension»
«The blue spirit lights will guide you to safety.  Follow their beckoning!» → «The blue spirit lights will guide you to safety. Follow their beckoning!»
«Crazy Colors Photo» → «Crazy Colours Photo»
«Hey, fishy fishy fish! Your Sim thinks it's time to get a pet to take care of and give a witty name. Buy a Fish Bowl out of the Buy Catalog.» → «Hey, fishy fishy fish! Your Sim thinks it's time to get a pet to take care of and give a witty name. Buy a Fish Bowl out of the Buy Catalogue.»
«Consignment Store Sales» → «Thrift Shop Sales»
«Railing Catalog» → «Railing Catalogue»
«{OpTarget} wants to invest in lawn decorations and has heard that {OpOwner} can make Topiaries.  {OpTargetFirstName} wants to order {OpNumItemsGoal} custom Topiaries for delivery.» → «{OpTarget} wants to invest in lawn decorations and has heard that {OpOwner} can make Topiaries. {OpTargetFirstName} wants to order {OpNumItemsGoal} custom Topiaries for delivery.»
«Many factors can contribute to a high sub-score in Technology.\n\nSkills: Logic, Handiness, Inventing \n\nTraits: Genius, Computer Whiz, Handy, No Sense of Humor, Good, Eccentric \n\nCareer Progress: Law Enforcement, Military» → «Many factors can contribute to a high sub-score in Technology.\n\nSkills: Logic, Handiness, Inventing \n\nTraits: Genius, Computer Whiz, Handy, No Sense of Humour, Good, Eccentric \n\nCareer Progress: Law Enforcement, Military»
«Calculating GPA…» → «Calculating School Marks…»
«Photosynthesizing…» → «Photosynthesising…»
«Nothing says elegance like a wrought iron arch. Adorned with a fish sign, this arch screams uber-elegance. We recommend Arch du Fische for all things Uber.» → «Nothing says elegance like a wrought iron arch. Adorned with a fish sign, this arch screams uber-elegance. We recommend Arch du Fische for all things Über.»
«Ugh, being cursed is definitely no joke.  {0.SimFirstName} is definitely going to have a hard time accomplishing things in this state.  What could {MA.he}{FA.she} have possibly done to make a Unicorn so mad?» → «Ugh, being cursed is definitely no joke. {0.SimFirstName} is definitely going to have a hard time accomplishing things in this state. What could {MA.he}{FA.she} have possibly done to make a Unicorn so mad?»
«Congratulations! {0.SimFirstName} has won enough Equestrian Center competitions to earn the title of Jumping Star!\n\nCheck {0.SimFirstName}'s Skill Journal for information about the reward.» → «Congratulations! {0.SimFirstName} has won enough Equestrian Centre competitions to earn the title of Jumping Star!\n\nCheck {0.SimFirstName}'s Skill Journal for information about the reward.»
«Ever since Malcolm was a wee lad he has been obsessed with vampires. Although his parents thought it was funny to watch their child attack his stuffed animals with little fake fangs, Malcolm always took his fascination seriously. Now in a town bustling with vampires, Malcolm has taken every opportunity to hang out with them in hopes that one day he may become a vampire. Although he’s made friends with a few vampires around town, none have taken the plunge to turn Malcom to a vampire…» → «Ever since Malcolm was a wee lad he has been obsessed with vampires. Although his parents thought it was funny to watch their child attack his stuffed animals with little fake fangs, Malcolm always took his fascination seriously. Now in a town bustling with vampires, Malcolm has taken every opportunity to hang out with them in hopes that one day he may become a vampire. Although he’s made friends with a few vampires around town, none have taken the plunge to turn Malcolm to a vampire…»
«No Sense Of Humor Trait» → «No Sense Of Humour Trait»
«It appears that there is a small Meet and Greet event going on at the local dog park.  Everyone is encouraged to bring all their dogs to the dog park and have fun with all the other neighbors!» → «It appears that there is a small Meet and Greet event going on at the local dog park. Everyone is encouraged to bring all their dogs to the dog park and have fun with all the other neighbours!»
«City Hall has been following your career as an Architectural Designer and they are impressed that you have now completed {3.Number} jobs successfully! In honor of your achievement The Mayor would like to present you with the {1.String}. Please stop by City Hall to receive your award.» → «City Hall has been following your career as an Architectural Designer and they are impressed that you have now completed {3.Number} jobs successfully! In honour of your achievement The Mayor would like to present you with the {1.String}. Please stop by City Hall to receive your award.»
«(From Socialization)» → «(From Socialisation)»
«Elementary School Teacher» → «Primary School Teacher»
«Move to Right Center Edge» → «Move to Right Centre Edge»
«Materializing materials...» → «Materialising materials...»
«Alexander Roofington's roof business is well known for its high quality roof decorations. To celebrate, Mr. Roofington proudly offers this bell centerpiece in honor of the 100 years of successful roof topper creations.» → «Alexander Roofington's roof business is well known for its high quality roof decorations. To celebrate, Mr. Roofington proudly offers this bell centrepiece in honour of the 100 years of successful roof topper creations.»
«Gladsten isn’t a werewolf, but he kind of looks like one. And he’s just as strong, virile and irresistible. He feels most at home on a long hike in the woods with fishing pole in hand, off to catch some yummy fish. He’s not much of a cook though... so his catch of the day usually ends up as the charcoal of the day! Gladsten has some trouble settling down too. What might be a promising relationship usually ends before it gets started due to one superficial reason or another. The most recent casualty was Marigold Maldano, who burnt a big, beautiful salmon.» → «Gladsten isn’t a werewolf, but he kind of looks like one. And he’s just as strong, virile and irresistible. He feels most at home on a long hike in the woods with fishing pole in hand, off to catch some yummy fish. He’s not much of a cook though... so his catch of the day usually ends up as the charcoal of the day! Gladsten has some trouble settling down too. What might be a promising relationship usually ends before it gets started due to one superficial reason or another. The most recent casualty was Marigold Maldano, who burnt a big, beautiful salmon.»
«An abstract interpretation of western idealism, Window with Boards attempts to capture the inherent conflict of the inner and outer spirit of the self.  Its simplicity compels you to look beyond its fragile glass shell, while the boards stand firm with their rigidity.  The window constrains you!  Window with Boards is the masterpiece every home should have... no, what every home needs!» → «An abstract interpretation of western idealism, Window with Boards attempts to capture the inherent conflict of the inner and outer spirit of the self. Its simplicity compels you to look beyond its fragile glass shell, while the boards stand firm with their rigidity. The window constrains you! Window with Boards is the masterpiece every home should have... no, what every home needs!»
«Eating?  Really?  Put the perishables down and get back to work.» → «Eating? Really? Put the perishables down and get back to work.»
«There is no honor among thieves, it's true. So it's generally a good idea to be on your boss's good side, if your boss is a thief.» → «There is no honour among thieves, it's true. So it's generally a good idea to be on your boss's good side, if your boss is a thief.»
«Take advantage of your music mixing aptitude with this new piece of tech that will surely coddle the crudest of crowds. With Mixers and Midi’s, Sound Cards and Synthesizers, you’ll surely deliver a sound that will make any listener’s head spin.» → «Take advantage of your music mixing aptitude with this new piece of tech that will surely coddle the crudest of crowds. With Mixers and Midi’s, Sound Cards and Synthesisers, you’ll surely deliver a sound that will make any listener’s head spin.»
«You placed a junkyard.  This place is perfect for finding Scrap and other treasures sims do not want anymore.» → «You placed a junkyard. This place is perfect for finding Scrap and other treasures sims do not want anymore.»
«Analyze Saliva» → «Analyse Saliva»
«You've gained the trust of the smuggling ring and they are eager to utilize you for further missions. For the successful delivery, you received a raise and your job performance has improved.» → «You've gained the trust of the smuggling ring and they are eager to utilise you for further missions. For the successful delivery, you received a raise and your job performance has improved.»
«Stu Surprise is an icky dish that contains so many flavors that it becomes palateable. Your Sim wants to eat Stu Surprise made with hot dogs and tomato.» → «Stu Surprise is an icky dish that contains so many flavours that it becomes palateable. Your Sim wants to eat Stu Surprise made with hot dogs and tomato.»
«Input your favorite recipes into Food Replicator, and watch as it scientifically bends the atoms of air into your favorite dish!» → «Input your favourite recipes into Food Replicator, and watch as it scientifically bends the atoms of air into your favourite dish!»
«Sims like to recognize their friends and family with respect and admiration. Your Sim wants to pay some respect with a little verbal admiration.» → «Sims like to recognise their friends and family with respect and admiration. Your Sim wants to pay some respect with a little verbal admiration.»
«The protest that {0.SimName} organized was a huge success!» → «The protest that {0.SimName} organised was a huge success!»
«Handyman Hover Truck» → «Handyman Hover Van»
«Some hooligan is making a mess of the town and tagging the walls. Stick up for the neighborhood and wash off those unsightly graffiti tags.» → «Some hooligan is making a mess of the town and tagging the walls. Stick up for the neighbourhood and wash off those unsightly graffiti tags.»
«Meals are synthesized to order and served by friendly Plumbots. Best of all, there’s no tipping required!» → «Meals are synthesised to order and served by friendly Plumbots. Best of all, there’s no tipping required!»
«Looks like someone left you a gift... Check the mailbox to put it in the Sim's inventory.» → «Looks like someone left you a gift... Check the postbox to put it in the Sim's inventory.»
«Again, nothing too suspicious. Nothing is happening at the fishing spots, which is odd, as that is where the crime is occurring. I overheard a fisherman claim the diner has a great fish sandwich. It's a bit of a stretch, but perhaps a stakeout there will render the results I need.» → «Again, nothing too suspicious. Nothing is happening at the fishing spots, which is odd, as that is where the crime is occurring. I overheard a fisherman claim the eatery has a great fish sandwich. It's a bit of a stretch, but perhaps a stakeout there will render the results I need.»
«Nunez» → «Núñez»
«{0.SimFirstName}’s effortless sense of style profoundly changed the future’s fashion sense. {MA.He}{FA.She} couldn’t feel cooler or more honored!» → «{0.SimFirstName}’s effortless sense of style profoundly changed the future’s fashion sense. {MA.He}{FA.She} couldn’t feel cooler or more honoured!»
«Curt and proper, Bertram gets on in the community by ignoring those he chooses to disassociate himself with. In his mind, success in life bestows the privlidge of dictating ones retirement, and he plans to live out his days in whatever manner suits his current whims. He loves the peace of the countryside without realizing or caring that his glib attitude is contributing to the local's distrust of new faces moving into town.» → «Curt and proper, Bertram gets on in the community by ignoring those he chooses to disassociate himself with. In his mind, success in life bestows the privlidge of dictating ones retirement, and he plans to live out his days in whatever manner suits his current whims. He loves the peace of the countryside without realising or caring that his glib attitude is contributing to the local's distrust of new faces moving into town.»
«Move into your dream home today! Call, email, fax, or just stop by Destiny Grove. Destiny Grove-- you'll love your new home here!» → «Move into your dream home today! Call, email, fax, or just stop by Destiny Grove. Destiny Grove— you'll love your new home here!»
«Lose over 20% of your weight with NuFast, the Nu-est diet craze that might or might not be safe.» → «Lose over 20% of your weight with NuFast, the Nu-est diet craze that might or might not be safe.»
«Another mega cool album from The Suit and Tie Guys!!  Make sure to pick up your very own copy of "We are R.A.D," featuring the number 1 hit "I, Her, Them, and Me Again."» → «Another mega cool album from The Suit and Tie Guys!! Make sure to pick up your very own copy of "We are R.A.D," featuring the number 1 hit "I, Her, Them, and Me Again."»
«Howard's House of Hats is the number one millinery in town!  Cover up that bad haircut with a fantastic hat that will be sure to turn heads.» → «Howard's House of Hats is the number one millinery in town! Cover up that bad haircut with a fantastic hat that will be sure to turn heads.»
«Eat at Blake's World Of Healthy Pies-  now serving organic, vegan, and tasteless pies.» → «Eat at Blake's World Of Healthy Pies- now serving organic, vegan, and tasteless pies.»
«{0.SimFirstName} learned how to build adobe houses from a desert tribe while passing through.  Who knew playing with mud would be so hard?» → «{0.SimFirstName} learned how to build adobe houses from a desert tribe while passing through. Who knew playing with mud would be so hard?»
«{0.SimFirstName} barely made it back into the time stream after getting trapped by a tyranosaur. Those teeth were inches away!» → «{0.SimFirstName} barely made it back into the time stream after getting trapped by a tyranosaur. Those teeth were centimetres away!»
«After helping a famous detective stop a heinous criminal from burning down 19th century London, {0.SimFirstName} enjoyed catching a play at the theatre before slipping back into the time stream.» → «After helping a famous detective stop a heinous criminal from burning down 19th century London, {0.SimFirstName} enjoyed catching a play at the cinema before slipping back into the time stream.»
«{0.SimFirstName} partied it up with some especially nice hippies during a flower festival. The variety of colors was almost overwhelming.» → «{0.SimFirstName} partied it up with some especially nice hippies during a flower festival. The variety of colours was almost overwhelming.»
«{0.SimFirstName} took a ride on a steam boat down the Mississippi.  The trip was interesting but {0.SimFirstName} lost all of {MA.his}{FA.her} old currency playing to some really good poker players during the ride.» → «{0.SimFirstName} took a ride on a steam boat down the Mississippi. The trip was interesting but {0.SimFirstName} lost all of {MA.his}{FA.her} old currency playing to some really good poker players during the ride.»
«“What what what? You say you’ve come here on a mission from Shang Simla? Why, that’s on the other side of the world! I remember this James Vaughan from the journal. I believe he got into a fight with Monsieur Landgraab and rescued some woman or something. Who knows? Speak to {0.SimName}, who is a direct descendant of Landgraab’s groundskeeper.”» → «“What what what? You say you’ve come here on a mission from Shang Simla? Why, that’s on the other side of the world! I remember this James Vaughan from the journal. I believe he got into a fight with Monsieur Landgraab and rescued some gal or something. Who knows? Speak to {0.SimName}, who is a direct descendant of Landgraab’s groundskeeper.”»
«Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with a "D" in Fine Arts, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 1 of the Music, Culinary, or Film careers and earn slightly more money than if {MA.he}{FA.she} didn't have the degree. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload Resume now.» → «Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with a "D" in Fine Arts, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 1 of the Music, Culinary, or Film careers and earn slightly more money than if {MA.he}{FA.she} didn't have the degree. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload CV now.»
«Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with a "C" in Fine Arts, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 2 of the Music, Culinary, or Film careers and earn significantly more money than if {MA.he}{FA.she} didn't have the degree. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload Resume now.» → «Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with a "C" in Fine Arts, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 2 of the Music, Culinary, or Film careers and earn significantly more money than if {MA.he}{FA.she} didn't have the degree. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload CV now.»
«Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with a "B" in Fine Arts, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 3 of the Music, Culinary, or Film careers and earn a much higher salary than if {MA.he}{FA.she} didn't have the degree. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload Resume now.» → «Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with a "B" in Fine Arts, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 3 of the Music, Culinary, or Film careers and earn a much higher salary than if {MA.he}{FA.she} didn't have the degree. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload CV now.»
«Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with an "A" in Fine Arts, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 4 of the Music, Culinary, or Film careers and earn the highest possible starting salary. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload Resume now.» → «Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with an "A" in Fine Arts, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 4 of the Music, Culinary, or Film careers and earn the highest possible starting salary. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload CV now.»
«Two Leo Center - 1br, 1ba» → «Two Leo Centre - 1br, 1ba»
«The band just booked a last minute gig at the Theatre and they need your help setting up! If only the roadies weren’t given the night off! Quickly head to the Theatre to assist the band and you’ll be paid a cash bonus and your job performance will increase.» → «The band just booked a last minute gig at the Cinema and they need your help setting up! If only the roadies weren’t given the night off! Quickly head to the Cinema to assist the band and you’ll be paid a cash bonus and your job performance will increase.»
«With so many entertainment options, your Sim could use some guidance. Ask for Fun Advice from a Sim who knows  how to party!» → «With so many entertainment options, your Sim could use some guidance. Ask for Fun Advice from a Sim who knows how to party!»
«Sammy» → «Naveen»
«The press loves to hear about bold and daring adventurers in foreign lands. Land yourself in the spotlight by traveling to Egypt and raiding a tomb or two.» → «The press loves to hear about bold and daring adventurers in foreign lands. Land yourself in the spotlight by travelling to Egypt and raiding a tomb or two.»
«Play Drums at {OpTarget}'s party  .» → «Play Drums at {OpTarget}'s party.»
«{0.SimFirstName} was minding her own business when, as a practical joke, the crazy janitor shoves her into a laundry cart and dumps her into the garbage!  {0.SimFirstName} is unharmed, but smells very, very bad.» → «{0.SimFirstName} was minding her own business when, as a practical joke, the crazy janitor shoves her into a laundry cart and dumps her into the garbage! {0.SimFirstName} is unharmed, but smells very, very bad.»
«With a glob of Black Dew, {0.SimName} took {MA.his}{FA.her} chances with fate. It’s anyone’s guess what color {0.SimFirstName} will turn!» → «With a glob of Black Dew, {0.SimName} took {MA.his}{FA.her} chances with fate. It’s anyone’s guess what colour {0.SimFirstName} will turn!»
«Losing those papers was probably not a wise move.  Hopefully {2.String} won't be too unhappy if {1.SimFirstName} wants to continue this adventure later!» → «Losing those papers was probably not a wise move. Hopefully {2.String} won't be too unhappy if {1.SimFirstName} wants to continue this adventure later!»
«Old refrigerators are terrible. They’re clunky and dangerous. Get rid of that nasty old fridge and treat yourself to a fridge that only looks old! Those are amazing! Shiny new refrigerators that only look old consistently win Customer Favorite every year at FridgeCon. Shouldn’t your kitchen have a new Old Looking Refrigerator?» → «Old refrigerators are terrible. They’re clunky and dangerous. Get rid of that nasty old fridge and treat yourself to a fridge that only looks old! Those are amazing! Shiny new refrigerators that only look old consistently win Customer Favourite every year at FridgeCon. Shouldn’t your kitchen have a new Old Looking Refrigerator?»
«This demo is intended for promotional purposes only, and may not be sold, rented or reproduced by any party.  Any unauthorized use of this demo is prohibited by applicable law.» → «This demo is intended for promotional purposes only, and may not be sold, rented or reproduced by any party. Any unauthorised use of this demo is prohibited by applicable law.»
«Discount Diner» → «Discount Eatery»
«Going to Game» → «Going to Game»
«Dogs like to have fun as much as Sims do!  Playing with your dog or providing plenty of toys is a must to keeping them happy and stress-free.» → «Dogs like to have fun as much as Sims do! Playing with your dog or providing plenty of toys is a must to keeping them happy and stress-free.»
«{1.SimFirstName} probably has enough notes on musical theory to keep a college of musicians busy for years.  It is time to report back to work.» → «{1.SimFirstName} probably has enough notes on musical theory to keep a college of musicians busy for years. It is time to report back to work.»
«Your Sim is sure that birds would make great conversationalists, if only they knew how to talk!  Your Sim wants to teach a bird to talk.» → «Your Sim is sure that birds would make great conversationalists, if only they knew how to talk! Your Sim wants to teach a bird to talk.»
«Now that I’ve played a concert, people are starting to recognize me. I’m really excited about it, but my offstage look just isn’t up to par with the image I want to convey. Can you help me out?» → «Now that I’ve played a concert, people are starting to recognise me. I’m really excited about it, but my offstage look just isn’t up to par with the image I want to convey. Can you help me out?»
«Now that I’ve played a concert, people are starting to recognize me. It’s not that I don’t appreciate my fans and all, but I would like to be able to go grocery shopping without Sims telling me how awesome I am. I would like you to give me a new look. Overkill? Perhaps.» → «Now that I’ve played a concert, people are starting to recognise me. It’s not that I don’t appreciate my fans and all, but I would like to be able to go grocery shopping without Sims telling me how awesome I am. I would like you to give me a new look. Overkill? Perhaps.»
«Allows you to reselect a Sim’s Favorites.» → «Allows you to reselect a Sim’s Favourites.»
«FoodForge Cuisine Synthesizer by Arasika Industries» → «FoodForge Cuisine Synthesiser by Arasika Industries»
«{0.SimName} has sculpted a Brilliant {1.String} in {2.String}!  It is worth {3.Money}!  You can move or sell it in buy mode.» → «{0.SimName} has sculpted a Brilliant {1.String} in {2.String}! It is worth {3.Money}! You can move or sell it in buy mode.»
«Despite fighting like a {0.String} champion, {1.String} has passed away.  Farewell dear friend, you will be missed.» → «Despite fighting like a {0.String} champion, {1.String} has passed away. Farewell dear friend, you will be missed.»
«Michaels» → «mac Cumhaill»
«Cinq Cinq the water breathing Dragon has been forever immortalized in this timeless fountain.» → «Cinq Cinq the water breathing Dragon has been forever immortalised in this timeless fountain.»
«You can buy and sell items at the consignment store. The faster your items sell, the more Simoleons you can earn!» → «You can buy and sell items at the thrift shop. The faster your items sell, the more Simoleons you can earn!»
«When they retired Ruben and Mylee sold their home and moved onto a houseboat with dreams of fishing and traveling the seas. Their daughter Gabrielle was suppose to stay with them for only a few short weeks...weeks that turned into months. Her parents worry, will she ever leave the nest and let them get on with their retirement?» → «When they retired Ruben and Mylee sold their home and moved onto a houseboat with dreams of fishing and travelling the seas. Their daughter Gabrielle was supposed to stay with them for only a few short weeks...weeks that turned into months. Her parents worry, will she ever leave the nest and let them get on with their retirement?»
«It's time to graduate to the big leagues and get in there with the other seasoned veterans. Doing well in here will guarantee you and your horse Simoleons, media exposure, and possibly crazed equestrian racing groupies! Your Sim wishes to enter an Advanced Racing Competition.» → «It's time to graduate to the big leagues and get in there with the other seasoned veterans. Doing well in here will guarantee you and your horse Simoleons, media exposure, and possibly crazed equestrian racing groupies! Your Sim wishes to enter an Advanced Racing Competition.»
«Flavorful Feet» → «Flavourful Feet»
«New from the Harried Alchemist catalog, it’s Pile o’ Books! This large pile of books and scrolls tells anyone who wanders into your lab that there is crazy amounts of research being done there. There must be! Why else would you have piles of books and scrolls lying around?» → «New from the Harried Alchemist catalogue, it’s Pile o’ Books! This large pile of books and scrolls tells anyone who wanders into your lab that there is crazy amounts of research being done there. There must be! Why else would you have piles of books and scrolls lying around?»
«Funny story… All of these columns were built straight, but were damaged when the column factory was hit by an extremely localized tornado. We grabbed ‘em up cheap and now we’re selling them back to you as premium ColuMaster Spiral Columns! Give your house a refreshing twist with the ColuMaster Spiral Column!» → «Funny story… All of these columns were built straight, but were damaged when the column factory was hit by an extremely localised tornado. We grabbed ‘em up cheap and now we’re selling them back to you as premium ColuMaster Spiral Columns! Give your house a refreshing twist with the ColuMaster Spiral Column!»
«No, not the type of music. Your Sim wants to analyze a rock and see what makes them so hard.» → «No, not the type of music. Your Sim wants to analyse a rock and see what makes them so hard.»
«What's better than getting a gift in the mail? Getting a Supernatural Surprise Gift in the mail! Perhaps this surprise elixir will be just what the doctor ordered!» → «What's better than getting a gift in the post? Getting a Supernatural Surprise Gift in the post! Perhaps this surprise elixir will be just what the doctor ordered!»
«Subways» → «Underground Metros»
« The Sims™ 3 Pets Create a Pet Demo» → «The Sims™ 3 Pets Create a Pet Demo»
«Is it a sprawling mansion or a compound? That’s for you to know and your neighbors to find out!» → «Is it a sprawling mansion or a compound? That’s for you to know and your neighbours to find out!»
«Nobody is quite sure how you pulled it off, but this Golden Llama is now safely within the grasp of the Organization. It will sit in the Leader’s chambers, so that every time it is seen, the most powerful members of The Organization will remember your name. You have earned the greater admiration of your accomplices, a raise, and a cash bonus. The Organization is so very, very proud!» → «Nobody is quite sure how you pulled it off, but this Golden Llama is now safely within the grasp of the Organisation. It will sit in the Leader’s chambers, so that every time it is seen, the most powerful members of The Organisation will remember your name. You have earned the greater admiration of your accomplices, a raise, and a cash bonus. The Organisation is so very, very proud!»
«Colorful Feather» → «Colourful Feather»
«Named for the inventor of transparent aluminum, these magnificent stairs carry you higher on little more than air! An absolute must for showing off around the community.» → «Named for the inventor of transparent aluminium, these magnificent stairs carry you higher on little more than air! An absolute must for showing off around the community.»
«This home is cozy on the inside and spacious on the outside.  Move in now and make all of your family’s dreams come true, especially if they dream about the outdoors.» → «This home is cosy on the inside and spacious on the outside. Move in now and make all of your family’s dreams come true, especially if they dream about the outdoors.»
«There is nothing like Chasing a Ball to let loose all that pent up energy! A favorite activity, especially among Dogs! Your Pet wants to Chase a Ball.» → «There is nothing like Chasing a Ball to let loose all that pent up energy! A favourite activity, especially among Dogs! Your Pet wants to Chase a Ball.»
«The grind of a weekly, globally syndicated TV show is good for an aspiring actor. It's all about pacing, humility, and an almost excessive outpouring of charisma. Hit your marks and nobody will touch that dial.\\n\\n{0.SimName} will now have an easier time getting through the barrier ropes. Celebrity requirements have been reduced by one.» → «The grind of a weekly, globally distributed TV show is good for an aspiring actor. It's all about pacing, humility, and an almost excessive outpouring of charisma. Hit your marks and nobody will touch that dial.\\n\\n{0.SimName} will now have an easier time getting through the barrier ropes. Celebrity requirements have been reduced by one.»
«Persistently earning good grades could land your Sim on the Honor Roll. Your Sim dreams of joining the ranks of the best students in school. Dedication is the key!» → «Persistently earning good grades could land your Sim on the Honour Roll. Your Sim dreams of joining the ranks of the best students in school. Dedication is the key!»
«{0.SimFirstName}’s recent exposure to the Advanced Humor Sciences has overwhelmed {MA.his}{FA.her} frontal lobes’ self-regulating ability. Everything seems really funny.» → «{0.SimFirstName}’s recent exposure to the Advanced Humour Sciences has overwhelmed {MA.his}{FA.her} frontal lobes’ self-regulating ability. Everything seems really funny.»
«Proper etiquette has quite become a thing of the past. Luckily, Proper Sims still remember the old ways and conduct themselves by a code of honor. Or at least a code of nice manners...» → «Proper etiquette has quite become a thing of the past. Luckily, Proper Sims still remember the old ways and conduct themselves by a code of honour. Or at least a code of nice manners...»
«Space Rocks Analyzed» → «Space Rocks Analysed»
«Cats are very curious creatures and need their minds and bodies to be busy!  Playing with your cat or providing plenty of toys is a must to keeping them happy and stress-free.» → «Cats are very curious creatures and need their minds and bodies to be busy! Playing with your cat or providing plenty of toys is a must to keeping them happy and stress-free.»
«Fire Hover Truck» → «Fire Hover Engine»
«This cookie had such a terrible fortune, it's hard to think that it could ever come true. Or could it?» → «This biscuit had such a terrible fortune, it's hard to think that it could ever come true. Or could it?»
« It's a good thing {0.SimName} was around to make it more bearable.» → «It's a good thing {0.SimName} was around to make it more bearable.»
« An Excellent Groupie always adds some life to the group.» → «An Excellent Groupie always adds some life to the group.»
« {0.SimName} made it a little better for everyone.» → «{0.SimName} made it a little better for everyone.»
«Heinrich Stübbman and the Gypsies» → «Heinrich Stübbman and the Wharfies»
«Gigi was an early actress so well-liked by cameras and photographers that her name became virtually synonymous with pictures. Now there is a photo booth honoring her memory. Can it help make your Sim famous as well? It couldn't hurt!» → «Gigi was an early actress so well-liked by cameras and photographers that her name became virtually synonymous with pictures. Now there is a photo booth honouring her memory. Can it help make your Sim famous as well? It couldn't hurt!»
«The time for playin' around has ended. It's time you took on bigger events and challenges. No nation too big or too great can stop you from Equestrian World Domination.  Your Sim wants to win an International Jumping Competition.» → «The time for playin' around has ended. It's time you took on bigger events and challenges. No nation too big or too great can stop you from Equestrian World Domination. Your Sim wants to win an International Jumping Competition.»
«Offers all the same benefits of the great looking Dark Rural Grass, but in a lighter color.» → «Offers all the same benefits of the great looking Dark Rural Grass, but in a lighter colour.»
«Can't take athletic class during athletic game» → «Can't take athletic class during an athletic match»
«There are no clotheslines on this lot.  You can purchase one in the buy catalog» → «There are no clotheslines on this lot. You can purchase one in the buy catalogue»
«Every professional athlete knows that it's not just about skill; it's about winning, baby! Keep winning games by preparing properly, getting to work with a good mood, and getting there on time.\n\nRemaining Games in Season: {0.Number}\nSeasonal Record: {1.Number}-{2.Number}\nOverall Record: {3.Number}-{4.Number}» → «Every professional athlete knows that it's not just about skill; it's about winning, baby! Keep winning matches by preparing properly, getting to work with a good mood, and getting there on time.\n\nRemaining Matches in Season: {0.Number}\nSeasonal Record: {1.Number} wins, {2.Number} losses\nOverall Record: {3.Number} wins, {4.Number} losses»
«A teacher and her class at the local School are having a bake sale and you’ve been asked to participate. Bake two group servings of cookies and drop them off at the School to earn a little pocket change.» → «A teacher and her class at the local School are having a bake sale and you’ve been asked to participate. Bake two group servings of biscuits and drop them off at the School to earn a little pocket change.»
«Woo-Hoo! {2.SimFirstName}'s team won the game! Final Score, Home: {0.Number} - Away: {1.Number}.» → «Woo-Hoo! {2.SimFirstName}'s team won the match! Final Score, Home: {0.Number} - Away: {1.Number}.»
«Travel to the Future and speak with the Time Traveler.» → «Travel to the Future and speak with the Time Traveller.»
«Gobs of poorly brushed paint and hideous streaks of miss-matched colors were not enough to prevent {0.SimFirstName} from clawing her way out of painting obscurity and into a position of moderate renown. The journey is well on its way – can {0.SimFirstName} finish what she has begun?» → «Gobs of poorly brushed paint and hideous streaks of miss-matched colours were not enough to prevent {0.SimFirstName} from clawing her way out of painting obscurity and into a position of moderate renown. The journey is well on its way – can {0.SimFirstName} finish what she has begun?»
«Playing in the dirt is even more fun when you're digging up treasures!  Your dog wants to Find Something Special.» → «Playing in the dirt is even more fun when you're digging up treasures! Your dog wants to Find Something Special.»
«Socializing at the symphony helps build relationships with the musicians. It's also a great way to learn all those jokes about viola players.» → «Socialising at the symphony helps build relationships with the musicians. It's also a great way to learn all those jokes about viola players.»
«Host a Charity Game» → «Host a Charity Match»
«The epitome of bathroom luxury, the LaShawn Rain Shower from L'eau Furnishings has a feature list longer than most electrical gadgets.  Worth mentioning are the automatic water flow adjustment based on proximity, temperature setting via atmospheric sampling, and combined water jet and soap dispensing.  This shower has it all.» → «The epitome of bathroom luxury, the LaShawn Rain Shower from L'eau Furnishings has a feature list longer than most electrical gadgets. Worth mentioning are the automatic water flow adjustment based on proximity, temperature setting via atmospheric sampling, and combined water jet and soap dispensing. This shower has it all.»
«Narcissa is more than a mirror: it’s a scrapbook for your wall! From your first kiss with Billy, to your first fight with Billy, to realizing you could do better.» → «Narcissa is more than a mirror: it’s a scrapbook for your wall! From your first kiss with Billy, to your first fight with Billy, to realising you could do better.»
«Your Sim wants to take a Guitar Skill class to learn the skill. Visit the Theatre to enroll in the class.» → «Your Sim wants to take a Guitar Skill class to learn the skill. Visit the Cinema to enroll in the class.»
«Chiseled from the wall of a long lost tomb, this ancient stone represents the glorious heyday of a fallen civilization.» → «Chiseled from the wall of a long lost tomb, this ancient stone represents the glorious heyday of a fallen civilisation.»
«Already at maximum number of layers.  Cannot create additional layers» → «Already at maximum number of layers. Cannot create additional layers»
«The party was such a blast-off hit that you and your squad mates already feel like they are on the moon! {0.SimName} and the squad now think so highly of  you that they're already back at the Military Base working on the next big breakthrough... just so you can throw another party!» → «The party was such a blast-off hit that you and your squad mates already feel like they are on the moon! {0.SimName} and the squad now think so highly of you that they're already back at the Military Base working on the next big breakthrough... just so you can throw another party!»
«The Elixir Consignment Shop is your one stop shop for all your alchemy needs! You can buy elixirs and alchemy ingredients and list elixirs for consignment. Would you like to know more?» → «The Elixir Thrift Shop is your one stop shop for all your alchemy needs! You can buy elixirs and alchemy ingredients and list elixirs for consignment. Would you like to know more?»
«{2.SimName} has become a Vocal Legend. {MA.He}{FA.She} will remember the day {MA.he}{FA.she} realized that {MA.he}{FA.she} had made it to the top!» → «{2.SimName} has become a Vocal Legend. {MA.He}{FA.She} will remember the day {MA.he}{FA.she} realised that {MA.he}{FA.she} had made it to the top!»
«Well that was awkward… {0.SimFirstName} is feeling a bit embarrassed and doesn’t really feel like socializing right now.» → «Well that was awkward… {0.SimFirstName} is feeling a bit embarrassed and doesn’t really feel like socialising right now.»
«There are mirrors, and then there are mirrors. This is the latter. The Con-Cave-Curves Mirror will get you looking like you belong in high society. The subtle curves give way to an immaculate reflection that highlights your complexion. Furthermore, should a slightly rounded surface help you shed a few pounds—well, it’ll be our little secret.» → «There are mirrors, and then there are mirrors. This is the latter. The Con-Cave-Curves Mirror will get you looking like you belong in high society. The subtle curves give way to an immaculate reflection that highlights your complexion. Furthermore, should a slightly rounded surface help you shed a few kilograms—well, it’ll be our little secret.»
«City Hall is commissioning local photographers to bring in some of their best work to brighten up the cold, granite walls of the building.  Bring a photograph worth more than {0.Money} to City Hall and you’ll be paid a fair amount for it.» → «City Hall is commissioning local photographers to bring in some of their best work to brighten up the cold, granite walls of the building. Bring a photograph worth more than {0.Money} to City Hall and you’ll be paid a fair amount for it.»
«Tour Theatre With Date» → «Tour Cinema With Date»
«Licorice Tea» → «Liquorice Tea»
«Program will be installed with the most common options.  Recommended for most users.» → «Program will be installed with the most common options. Recommended for most users.»
«Warning! If you have games with Sims currently in the Future, they will become disabled. If you want to keep playing these saves, cancel uninstallation, reload the save and return the Sims back to home neighborhood, then uninstall. Any content that requires this Expansion Pack will be deleted and may be lost forever. Would you like to continue with the uninstall?» → «Warning! If you have games with Sims currently in the Future, they will become disabled. If you want to keep playing these saves, cancel uninstallation, reload the save and return the Sims back to home neighbourhood, then uninstall. Any content that requires this Expansion Pack will be deleted and may be lost forever. Would you like to continue with the uninstall?»
«What luck!  It looks like the stone block crumbled due to some precious impurities inside!» → «What luck! It looks like the stone block crumbled due to some precious impurities inside!»
«A major part of living in an active town is getting to know your neighbors! Would you like to learn more about visiting?» → «A major part of living in an active town is getting to know your neighbours! Would you like to learn more about visiting?»
«Going backwards is the key.  Be prepared before the final step.» → «Going backwards is the key. Be prepared before the final step.»
«A face immortalized in a photograph - it's a moment in time captured forever.» → «A face immortalised in a photograph - it's a moment in time captured forever.»
«{0.SimFirstName} has learned all she can from {2.String}'s "{1.String}."  This is sure to aid her in skill development later in life! She'll have fun reading it again, though.» → «{0.SimFirstName} has learned all she can from {2.String}'s "{1.String}." This is sure to aid her in skill development later in life! She'll have fun reading it again, though.»
«The universe is a mysterious place with even more mysterious rules governing it. Few can ever hope to understand such rules, but those who live vicariously by collecting and analyzing samples will earn the title of Scientific Specialist and tell the rest of us how the universe works.» → «The universe is a mysterious place with even more mysterious rules governing it. Few can ever hope to understand such rules, but those who live vicariously by collecting and analysing samples will earn the title of Scientific Specialist and tell the rest of us how the universe works.»
«Fresh and tasty fruit and vegetables must always populate our store shelves. You are the first and only line of vegetative defense!» → «Fresh and tasty fruit and vegetables must always populate our store shelves. You are the first and only line of vegetative defence!»
«Tired of boring old oil paintings of villages? Art student Jill Aramore captures that village flavor without the stuffiness that comes from decades of finely-honed artistic technique.» → «Tired of boring old oil paintings of villages? Art student Jill Aramore captures that village flavour without the stuffiness that comes from decades of finely-honed artistic technique.»
«The Pollak Institute for Esoteric but Correct Thinking \n hereby recognizes \n {0.SimName} \n as having exceptional and notable skills in the area of advanced logical thinking. \n \n Awarded: {DateAndTime}, Witnessing Officer: Mr. J D Pollak» → «The Pollak Institute for Esoteric but Correct Thinking \n hereby recognises \n {0.SimName} \n as having exceptional and notable skills in the area of advanced logical thinking. \n \n Awarded: {DateAndTime}, Witnessing Officer: Mr. J D Pollak»
«Thought you might be able to use a little pick me up! Please enjoy a little something special from me to you. Of course, I don't give to get, but if a gift showed up in my mailbox, I wouldn't return to sender!» → «Thought you might be able to use a little pick me up! Please enjoy a little something special from me to you. Of course, I don't give to get, but if a gift showed up in my postbox, I wouldn't return to sender!»
«Don't let your horse get too lonely!  Make sure your horse gets enough social contact, whether it's through socializing with other animals or being cared for by Sims.» → «Don't let your horse get too lonely! Make sure your horse gets enough social contact, whether it's through socialising with other animals or being cared for by Sims.»
«Order Favorite Meal» → «Order Favourite Meal»
«Courtney has lived all over playing for different Minor League teams, but a recent contract brought her out to Starlight Shores. After meeting and falling in love with Bryce, Courtney reluctantly agreed to move in with him, but she lives in fear of being forced to move out of town again for her job. Though she’s used to pitching the curveball, this time life pitched one back as Courtney struggles to choose between her man and her career.» → «Courtney has lived all over playing for different lower division teams, but a recent contract brought her out to Starlight Shores. After meeting and falling in love with Bryce, Courtney reluctantly agreed to move in with him, but she lives in fear of being forced to move out of town again for her job. Though she’s used to curve the free kicks, this time life kicked one back as Courtney struggles to choose between her man and her career.»
«Thanks for being a human pincushion.  With the tale of your exploits we can save countless other Explorers from the same gruesome fate!  This payment should hopefully cover your hospital expenses!» → «Thanks for being a human pincushion. With the tale of your exploits we can save countless other Explorers from the same gruesome fate! This payment should hopefully cover your hospital expenses!»
«I feel like I'm being tugged around like a bull by a matador. {OpSource} doesn't seem to really know {MC.his}{FC.her} "true love" very well at all.  This means I need to ask around and see what other people know about her, considering there's nothing much {MC.he}{FC.she} can tell me.» → «I feel like I'm being tugged around like a bull by a matador. {OpSource} doesn't seem to really know {MC.his}{FC.her} "true love" very well at all. This means I need to ask around and see what other people know about her, considering there's nothing much {MC.he}{FC.she} can tell me.»
«Overall GPA: {0.String}» → «Overall marks: {0.String}»
«Even the most responsible communicators can abuse their tools. Megaphones offer so many possibilities! Your professor has a good sense of humor and offers extra credit for having some fun on the megaphone.» → «Even the most responsible communicators can abuse their tools. Megaphones offer so many possibilities! Your professor has a good sense of humour and offers extra credit for having some fun on the megaphone.»
«{2.SimName} just cracked open a good fortune thanks to a lucky cookie. {MA.He}{FA.She}'s going to remember this one, so it better come true!» → «{2.SimName} just cracked open a good fortune thanks to a lucky biscuit. {MA.He}{FA.She}'s going to remember this one, so it better come true!»
«Follow the money is one of the most accurate sayings in my line of work. In this case, the money is a pay stub, addressed to my missing Sim. The pay stub is from the diner. I should enquire there.» → «Follow the money is one of the most accurate sayings in my line of work. In this case, the money is a pay stub, addressed to my missing Sim. The pay stub is from the eatery. I should enquire there.»
«{0.SimName} has traveled further than most Sims could imagine. {MA.He’s}{FA.She’s} seen starships burning off the Shoulder of Orion. Be safe out there, Galaxian Guru!» → «{0.SimName} has travelled further than most Sims could imagine. {MA.He’s}{FA.She’s} seen starships burning off the Shoulder of Orion. Be safe out there, Galaxian Guru!»
«Want a clean start on an entirely flat lot?  Unhappy with the current uneven terrain?  Start fresh with one click on Flatten Lot.» → «Want a clean start on an entirely flat lot? Unhappy with the current uneven terrain? Start fresh with one click on Flatten Lot.»
«Want flat surfaces?  Click and drag the Level Terrain tool to level an area. When finished, the entire selected area will be leveled to the height of the terrain you initially clicked on.» → «Want flat surfaces? Click and drag the Level Terrain tool to level an area. When finished, the entire selected area will be leveled to the height of the terrain you initially clicked on.»
«The tantalizing glow of better television begins  with a Channel Trowler 27'' Deluxe TV. Say toodleloo to basic cable and embrace Basic +, because your evenings are too precious to waste with standard programming.» → «The tantalising glow of better television begins with a Channel Trowler 27'' Deluxe TV. Say toodleloo to basic cable and embrace Basic +, because your evenings are too precious to waste with standard programming.»
«How to dress up that boring old floor? Paints are too slippery, and stickers chip and peel. Try Floor Helper! By weaving together thousands upon thousands of threads, we’ve created this moderately sized fabric square that features a delightful visual pattern. And installation is as simple as dropping it onto the floor!  Floor Helper: glad we could help!» → «How to dress up that boring old floor? Paints are too slippery, and stickers chip and peel. Try Floor Helper! By weaving together thousands upon thousands of threads, we’ve created this moderately sized fabric square that features a delightful visual pattern. And installation is as simple as dropping it onto the floor! Floor Helper: glad we could help!»
«After burning the brisket for last night’s failed dinner party, I can’t stand to use my kitchen anymore.  Could you just replace everything so that I can forget it ever happened?» → «After burning the brisket for last night’s failed dinner party, I can’t stand to use my kitchen anymore. Could you just replace everything so that I can forget it ever happened?»
«By attaching a cargo cap, the classic “Elroy” truck becomes the heavier “Amalthea.” This is a used model, but who needs a sparkling new vehicle for heavy hauling?» → «By attaching a cargo cap, the classic “Elroy” van becomes the heavier “Amalthea.” This is a used model, but who needs a sparkling new vehicle for heavy hauling?»
«OFF was very pleased with the turnout and everyone had a lot of fun.  It was pretty awesome and {OpOwner} was quite the Socialite milling about!» → «OFF was very pleased with the turnout and everyone had a lot of fun. It was pretty awesome and {OpOwner} was quite the Socialite milling about!»
«{0.SimName} needs to ride or lead a horse into the Equestrian Center to sell it.» → «{0.SimName} needs to ride or lead a horse into the Equestrian Centre to sell it.»
«The dictionary defines balusters as, “those curvy doohickeys that support a balustrade fence.”    And the Baluster Rail Fence is lousy with the things. So if vase-like doodads are your thing, then get some Baluster Rail posthaste.» → «The dictionary defines balusters as, “those curvy doohickeys that support a balustrade fence.” And the Baluster Rail Fence is lousy with the things. So if vase-like doodads are your thing, then get some Baluster Rail posthaste.»
«Gussy up to the bar in style with this saloon-chic barstool. Made from recycled stagecoaches and cavalry saddles, each Parlor Perch offers all the conveniences of modern barroom seating, but without any post-19th century pretense.» → «Freshen up to the pub in style with this saloon-chic barstool. Made from recycled stagecoaches and cavalry saddles, each Parlour Perch offers all the conveniences of modern barroom seating, but without any post-19th century pretense.»
«The local consignment store is the perfect place to sell inventions, art, and any odds and ends lying about the house. Your Sim wants to visit the consignment store and put an item up for sale.» → «The local thrift shop is the perfect place to sell inventions, art, and any odds and ends lying about the house. Your Sim wants to visit the thrift shop and put an item up for sale.»
«A cozy bookstore sharing a building with a ruthless corporation...add an attractive female and a handsome male and you have all the ingredients for a romantic comedy!» → «A cosy bookstore sharing a building with a ruthless corporation...add an attractive female and a handsome male and you have all the ingredients for a romantic comedy!»
«{0.SimName} of the local photography guild has been known to sponsor promising shutterbugs.  Advance a level in the Photography Skill for some quick cash.» → «{0.SimName} of the local photography guild has been known to sponsor promising shutterbugs. Advance a level in the Photography Skill for some quick cash.»
«Tomb Collection - Command Center» → «Tomb Collection - Command Centre»
«Cerebralizing Brain Enhancing Machine 2.0» → «Cerebralising Brain Enhancing Machine 2.0»
«What an interesting discussion.  Time to execute this new theory back at work.» → «What an interesting discussion. Time to execute this new theory back at work.»
«The Protest that {0.SimName} organized was a huge success! Sims will receive more Lifetime Happiness from wishes for a little while.» → «The Protest that {0.SimName} organised was a huge success! Sims will receive more Lifetime Happiness from wishes for a little while.»
«Grocery Store Clerk» → «Supermarket Clerk»
«{2.SimName} just teleported! {MA.He}{FA.She}'ll always remember that tingling sensation that rippled through {MA.him}{FA.her} as {MA.he}{FA.she} materialized into a different plane!» → «{2.SimName} just teleported! {MA.He}{FA.She}'ll always remember that tingling sensation that rippled through {MA.him}{FA.her} as {MA.he}{FA.she} materialised into a different plane!»
«Being a Singer is all about singing, and to really succeed, you'll need to be willing to belt it out anywhere.  You'll start off singing for tips on the street and performing Sing-A-Grams for money, but if you show real promise, you'll soon be on your way to sold out gigs and superstardom!» → «Being a Singer is all about singing, and to really succeed, you'll need to be willing to belt it out anywhere. You'll start off singing for tips on the street and performing Sing-A-Grams for money, but if you show real promise, you'll soon be on your way to sold out gigs and superstardom!»
«Soft yet durable. Add vibrant colors to any room in the house with this butterfly shaped throw rug. The odd shape makes for some interesting furniture configurations.» → «Soft yet durable. Add vibrant colours to any room in the house with this butterfly shaped throw rug. The odd shape makes for some interesting furniture configurations.»
«Keep your resort guests happy by providing them with activities to do. Look in the Resort Objects Tab located in Build and Buy Modes to start, but there are other objects in the catalog that will make them happy as well.» → «Keep your resort guests happy by providing them with activities to do. Look in the Resort Objects Tab located in Build and Buy Modes to start, but there are other objects in the catalogue that will make them happy as well.»
«Exploring the open seas does not come without dangers. Sharks will be especially attracted to your Sims if they are carrying fresh meat. There have also been rumors of a terrifying sea monster taking ships whole!» → «Exploring the open seas does not come without dangers. Sharks will be especially attracted to your Sims if they are carrying fresh meat. There have also been rumours of a terrifying sea monster taking ships whole!»
«Hogan’s Deep-Fried Diner» → «Hogan’s Fritter Eatery»
«{0.SimFirstName} needs to wait a little longer before trying to rejoin the Daycare Career. Having a revoked license takes more time.» → «{0.SimFirstName} needs to wait a little longer before trying to rejoin the Nursery Career. Having a revoked license takes more time.»
«{0.SimFirstName} should be ashamed of what {MA.he}{FA.she} put those kids through. Trying to rejoin Daycare will take a little more time after one's license has been revoked.» → «{0.SimFirstName} should be ashamed of what {MA.he}{FA.she} put those kids through. Trying to rejoin Nursery will take a little more time after one's license has been revoked.»
«{0.SimName} can't rejoin the daycare career this soon after {MA.his}{FA.her} license has been revoked.» → «{0.SimName} can't rejoin the nursery career this soon after {MA.his}{FA.her} license has been revoked.»
«{0.SimFirstName}'s daycare license has been revoked! How dare {MA.he}{FA.she} try to rejoin so soon. Maybe later.» → «{0.SimFirstName}'s nursery license has been revoked! How dare {MA.he}{FA.she} try to rejoin so soon. Maybe later.»
«As the newest member of this criminal organization, you have been tasked with reading “Dos and Don’ts of the Dons,” a helpful guide to keep you from offending the wrong man or woman. By finishing the book, you will personally guarantee an increase in your job performance and improve your relationship with the Leader.» → «As the newest member of this criminal organization, you have been tasked with reading “Dos and Don’ts of the Dons,” a helpful guide to keep you from offending the wrong lad or bird. By finishing the book, you will personally guarantee an increase in your job performance and improve your relationship with the Leader.»
«Newtonian Plane Pool Table by Corebital Designs» → «Newtonian Plane Snooker Table by Corebital Designs»
«Export Makeup Color Preset» → «Export Makeup Colour Preset»
«What began as square catalog house grew porches and dormers and finally a cupola. Clearly this is an abode with ambitions.» → «What began as square catalogue house grew porches and dormers and finally a cupola. Clearly this is an abode with ambitions.»
«Archaeologists theorize that this represents the ancient King Nayr on his wedding day to Queen Nosylla. The hieroglyphs that surround them represent a long and happy life.» → «Archaeologists theorise that this represents the ancient King Nayr on his wedding day to Queen Nosylla. The hieroglyphs that surround them represent a long and happy life.»
«Just like Sims, dogs need to go to the bathroom.  If your dog's bladder meter is low, get them outside quickly to avoid a mess!» → «Just like Sims, dogs need to go to the bathroom. If your dog's bladder meter is low, get them outside quickly to avoid a mess!»
«You’ve just written the score for the latest blockbuster movie, and the town is clamoring to hear it performed live. Go to the Theatre before the hype wears off and perform the symphony with your ensemble. You’ll receive a percentage of ticket sales, but you’ll need to perform soon!» → «You’ve just written the score for the latest blockbuster movie, and the town is clamoring to hear it performed live. Go to the Cinema before the hype wears off and perform the symphony with your ensemble. You’ll receive a percentage of ticket sales, but you’ll need to perform soon!»
«In your snazzy new stage costume, audiences will be caught in the spell of your mesmerizing feats of prestidigitation.» → «In your snazzy new stage costume, audiences will be caught in the spell of your mesmerising feats of prestidigitation.»
«{0.SimFirstName} was really put through the wringer today with all of the physical training and extra labor duty. He is exhausted!» → «{0.SimFirstName} was really put through the wringer today with all of the physical training and extra labour duty. He is exhausted!»
«Just like Sims, cats need to go to the bathroom.  Hopefully there's a litter box around for when your cat's bladder meter is low!» → «Just like Sims, cats need to go to the bathroom. Hopefully there's a litter box around for when your cat's bladder meter is low!»
«Eye Color» → «Eye Colour»
«I can’t wait to cook in that kitchen!  It’s what I’ve always wanted.» → «I can’t wait to cook in that kitchen! It’s what I’ve always wanted.»
«{0.SimFirstName} may now enter International Racing and Cross-Country competitions at the Equestrian Center (with a qualified rider).» → «{0.SimFirstName} may now enter International Racing and Cross-Country competitions at the Equestrian Centre (with a qualified rider).»
«{0.SimFirstName} may now enter Advanced Racing and Cross-Country competitions at the Equestrian Center (with a qualified rider).» → «{0.SimFirstName} may now enter Advanced Racing and Cross-Country competitions at the Equestrian Centre (with a qualified rider).»
«The two story garage addition, with a mother in law apartment above, softened the effect of this hastily constructed house. However most locals still call it "Raised Eyebrows" because the façade resembles an ornery face.» → «The two-floor garage addition, with a mother in law apartment above, softened the effect of this hastily constructed house. However most locals still call it "Raised Eyebrows" because the façade resembles an ornery face.»
«Pet your Neighbor's Tiger» → «Pet your Neighbour's Tiger»
«Fraternity» → «Men's College»
«Making a mess by splashing around in the tub is way more fun than actually submitting to a bath!  Your cat wants to Play in the Tub.» → «Making a mess by splashing around in the tub is way more fun than actually submitting to a bath! Your cat wants to Play in the Tub.»
«Gain an impressive reputation for selling items at the consignment store.» → «Gain an impressive reputation for selling items at the thrift shop.»
«Honored Trendsetter» → «Honoured Trendsetter»
«Throwing a birthday party for a special Sim is a great way to honor their passage through the stages of life! That was a birthday cake tummyache to remember.» → «Throwing a birthday party for a special Sim is a great way to honour their passage through the stages of life! That was a birthday cake tummyache to remember.»
«Digitizing Novels» → «Digitising Novels»
«For years, people started the day with coffee,  the morning paper, and a Sunup Breakfast table. Nowadays, Sunups are used for lunch, dinner, and every meal in between. Remember: Sunup Breakfast tables – they’re not just for breakfast anymore.» → «For years, people started the day with coffee, the morning paper, and a Sunup Breakfast table. Nowadays, Sunups are used for lunch, dinner, and every meal in between. Remember: Sunup Breakfast tables – they’re not just for breakfast anymore.»
«There are many ways to study the effects of an elixir, but only one is the quickest! Chugging down your own elixirs might be a little reckless, but if the study of magic was done carefully we'd still be discovering the wand! Just take a big swig and write down what you feel -- that's if you still have hands instead of flippers.» → «There are many ways to study the effects of an elixir, but only one is the quickest! Chugging down your own elixirs might be a little reckless, but if the study of magic was done carefully we'd still be discovering the wand! Just take a big swig and write down what you feel — that's if you still have hands instead of flippers.»
«The article was a great success!  Hopefully {0.SimFirstName} enjoys the cold hard cash to go with her cold heart as the principal of the school was fired!» → «The article was a great success! Hopefully {0.SimFirstName} enjoys the cold hard cash to go with her cold heart as the principal of the school was fired!»
«Well, it turns out you can’t win them all... or even the majority of the games, but there’s always next season! Take the time to train so that you don’t have to hang your head in shame in the future.» → «Well, it turns out you can’t win them all... or even the majority of the matches, but you at least avoided relegation! Take the time to train so that you don’t have to hang your head in shame in the future.»
«Wholly organic floor rugs make any room feel like a placid woodland grove.  This half-tile of sod is the perfect solution for beautifying the furthest corners of the Earth!» → «Wholly organic floor rugs make any room feel like a placid woodland grove. This half-tile of soil is the perfect solution for beautifying the furthest corners of the Earth!»
«Soccer Goal» → «Football Goal»
«Different objects can be used to fertilize plants with varying degrees of effectiveness. In general, effectiveness is determined by the rarity of the fertilizer. For example, rare fish and plants are better than common ones, whereas some special ingredients are the best.» → «Different objects can be used to Fertilise plants with varying degrees of effectiveness. In general, effectiveness is determined by the rarity of the Fertiliser. For example, rare fish and plants are better than common ones, whereas some special ingredients are the best.»
«Sims improve their Gardening Skill by planting and watering plants, or reading gardening books. Developing the skill will allow your Sims to grow rarer produce and use more advanced techniques like "Fertilize" or "Weed."» → «Sims improve their Gardening Skill by planting and watering plants, or reading gardening books. Developing the skill will allow your Sims to grow rarer produce and use more advanced techniques like "Fertilise" or "Weed."»
«Yellow Dew has turned {0.SimFirstName} the color of spring sunflowers. Hope {MA.he}{FA.she} doesn't have allergies.» → «Yellow Dew has turned {0.SimFirstName} the colour of spring sunflowers. Hope {MA.he}{FA.she} doesn't have allergies.»
«A fellow actor approached {0.SimFirstName} and asked if {MA.he}{FA.she} would be willing to share more screen time with them. It might impact {0.SimFirstName}'s performance a bit, but it would make {MA.him}{FA.her} more popular with the cast. What should {0.SimFirstName} do?» → «A fellow actor approached {0.SimFirstName} and asked if {MA.he}{FA.she} would be willing to share more screen time with them. It might impact {0.SimFirstName}'s performance a bit, but it would make {MA.him}{FA.her} more popular with the cast. What should {0.SimFirstName} do?»
«Discovery is the newborn baby of inventing... or so they say in some eccentric circles.  To kindle that creative spark, your Sim would like to discover a new invention using the Inventing WorkBench.  Make sure there's plenty of Scrap to work with.» → «Discovery is the newborn baby of inventing... or so they say in some eccentric circles. To kindle that creative spark, your Sim would like to discover a new invention using the Inventing WorkBench. Make sure there's plenty of Scrap to work with.»
«You placed a Coffeehouse.  This place is a perfect place for starting performers to put on shows, and after the performance, you can grab a bite to eat!» → «You placed a Coffeehouse. This place is a perfect place for starting performers to put on shows, and after the performance, you can grab a bite to eat!»
«While cats may enjoy a little alone time, they still need to socialize! Make sure there’s a Sim to meow with or perhaps another furry friend.» → «While cats may enjoy a little alone time, they still need to socialise! Make sure there’s a Sim to meow with or perhaps another furry friend.»
«The Flavors of Rocks and Dirt» → «The flavours of Rocks and Dirt»
«Draft Dodger» → «Trade Window Dodger»
«{OpOwner} rocked it like a true rock star! The drummer of the Secondary Dominants was so stoked by the performance that she gave {OpOwner} sheet music of her favorite piece.» → «{OpOwner} rocked it like a true rock star! The drummer of the Secondary Dominants was so stoked by the performance that she gave {OpOwner} sheet music of her favourite piece.»
«Your Sim thinks that the raccoon that's been roaming around the lot looks so soft!  Your Sim wants to pet a raccoon.» → «Your Sim thinks that the raccoon that's been roaming around the lot looks so soft! Your Sim wants to pet a raccoon.»
«50 Town Center Drive» → «50 Town Centre Drive»
«This deep blue grape is a quite Uncommon find out on the vine. Blending it into a Nectar will produce flavors of fruit unlike any other.» → «This deep blue grape is a quite Uncommon find out on the vine. Blending it into a Nectar will produce flavours of fruit unlike any other.»
«Win a Game of Pool» → «Win a Game of Snooker»
«Well played!  You scored {0.Number} points!» → «Well played! You scored {0.Number} points!»
«Sure, your pet has already had breakfast, late breakfast, elevenses, lunch, luncheon, tea, dinner, and supper, but is that ever enough?  Your Pet is starving and wants to Eat Something. Anything!» → «Sure, your pet has already had breakfast, late breakfast, elevenses, lunch, luncheon, tea, dinner, and supper, but is that ever enough? Your Pet is starving and wants to Eat Something. Anything!»
«Change Destination Uber Warp Well Name (Currently: {0.String})» → «Change Destination Über Warp Well Name (Currently: {0.String})»
«{0.SimFirstName} just got a letter in the mail from {1.SimName}! It says: “Words are sweet, but words can’t kiss. Get over here and let’s discuss our feelings…” Yowza!» → «{0.SimFirstName} just got a letter in the post from {1.SimName}! It says: “Words are sweet, but words can’t kiss. Get over here and let’s discuss our feelings…” Yowza!»
«{0.SimFirstName} just got a letter in the mail from {1.SimName}! It says: “I loved what you had to say in your letter. Maybe you could say it to me again… in person?” Yowza!» → «{0.SimFirstName} just got a letter in the post from {1.SimName}! It says: “I loved what you had to say in your letter. Maybe you could say it to me again… in person?” Yowza!»
«{0.SimFirstName} just got a letter in the mail from {1.SimName}! It says: “Thank you! Now I can finally tell you how special you are to me, {0.SimFirstName}!”» → «{0.SimFirstName} just got a letter in the post from {1.SimName}! It says: “Thank you! Now I can finally tell you how special you are to me, {0.SimFirstName}!”»
«{0.SimFirstName} just got a letter in the mail from {1.SimName}! It’s covered in hearts and little doodles of {1.SimFirstName} and {0.SimFirstName} kissing!» → «{0.SimFirstName} just got a letter in the post from {1.SimName}! It’s covered in hearts and little doodles of {1.SimFirstName} and {0.SimFirstName} kissing!»
«{0.SimFirstName} just got a letter in the mail from {1.SimName}! It says: “Your letter brightened my whole day. You are so important to me – let’s get together soon!”» → «{0.SimFirstName} just got a letter in the post from {1.SimName}! It says: “Your letter brightened my whole day. You are so important to me – let’s get together soon!”»
«{0.SimFirstName} just got a letter in the mail from {1.SimName}! It reads: "Wow, I had no idea... I feel the same way"» → «{0.SimFirstName} just got a letter in the post from {1.SimName}! It reads: "Wow, I had no idea... I feel the same way"»
«{0.SimFirstName} just got a letter in the mail from {1.SimName}! It says: “I’ve been waiting my whole life for a letter like that, {0.SimFirstName}! I share those feelings with you as well."» → «{0.SimFirstName} just got a letter in the post from {1.SimName}! It says: “I’ve been waiting my whole life for a letter like that, {0.SimFirstName}! I share those feelings with you as well."»
«{0.SimFirstName} just got a letter in the mail from {1.SimName}! It says: “This came as a surprise… but a welcome one. Let’s see where this goes!”» → «{0.SimFirstName} just got a letter in the post from {1.SimName}! It says: “This came as a surprise… but a welcome one. Let’s see where this goes!”»
«Huge Success!  {0.SimFirstName} collected {1.Money} for his campaign warchest!  This spectacular performance is sure to put {0.SimFirstName}'s opponents on the defensive.» → «Huge Success! {0.SimFirstName} collected {1.Money} for his campaign warchest! This spectacular performance is sure to put {0.SimFirstName}'s opponents on the defensive.»
«Customize Plumbot for {0.Money}» → «Customise Plumbot for {0.Money}»
«When your sleeping space is separated from your entertaining space, everyone rests (or entertains) more easily.  Enjoy this dynamic home with beautiful outdoor walkways.» → «When your sleeping space is separated from your entertaining space, everyone rests (or entertains) more easily. Enjoy this dynamic home with beautiful outdoor walkways.»
«Not all is lost for Publically Disgraced Sims! You can remove this moodlet by paying a hefty sum to the Paparazzi. Another option is to go to the Business building to "Deflect Scandal" and push the moodlet to another Sim Celebrity. You can also go to City Hall and "Sue For Slander" in an attempt to clear your name. Lastly, you can just talk to other Sims and try to dispel the scandal as a rumor.» → «Not all is lost for Publically Disgraced Sims! You can remove this moodlet by paying a hefty sum to the Paparazzi. Another option is to go to the Business building to "Deflect Scandal" and push the moodlet to another Sim Celebrity. You can also go to City Hall and "Sue For Slander" in an attempt to clear your name. Lastly, you can just talk to other Sims and try to dispel the scandal as a rumour.»
«Life as a Celebrity is not always glamorous. Once your Sim starts to become famous, any inappropriate  actions they take are scrutinized by the public. If your Sim is caught misbehaving, they will get the "Publicly Disgraced" moodlet that will make them the talk of town. A "Publicly Disgraced" Sim has a harder time getting into clubs and no longer receives any discounts or freebies. The public will react negatively to them and they have a harder time impressing other Celebrities.» → «Life as a Celebrity is not always glamorous. Once your Sim starts to become famous, any inappropriate actions they take are scrutinised by the public. If your Sim is caught misbehaving, they will get the "Publicly Disgraced" moodlet that will make them the talk of town. A "Publicly Disgraced" Sim has a harder time getting into clubs and no longer receives any discounts or freebies. The public will react negatively to them and they have a harder time impressing other Celebrities.»
«Your Sim wants to take a Piano Skill class to learn the skill. Visit the Theatre to enroll in the class.» → «Your Sim wants to take a Piano Skill class to learn the skill. Visit the Cinema to enroll in the class.»
«{0.SimFirstName} thinks that if they have to come in to work so early, morale would be greatly improved if the company provided free breakfast every so often. {0.SimFirstName} pitches the idea to the boss and it goes off without a hitch. The boss totally agrees that something needs to be done to help improve morale and approves the idea: Free Bagel Fridays!  Your co-workers seem genuinely happy and actually arrive earlier on Fridays to try and get the best pick of bagels!» → «{0.SimFirstName} thinks that if they have to come in to work so early, morale would be greatly improved if the company provided free breakfast every so often. {0.SimFirstName} pitches the idea to the boss and it goes off without a hitch. The boss totally agrees that something needs to be done to help improve morale and approves the idea: Free Bagel Fridays! Your co-workers seem genuinely happy and actually arrive earlier on Fridays to try and get the best pick of bagels!»
«As vegetables go, the Onion tends to be snarky, yet humorous. It's always layers of fun.» → «As vegetables go, the Onion tends to be snarky, yet humourous. It's always layers of fun.»
«Adventurous Sims enjoy traveling and exploration more than other Sims, are able to go on new trips sooner, and improve their Visa levels more quickly.» → «Adventurous Sims enjoy travelling and exploration more than other Sims, are able to go on new trips sooner, and improve their Visa levels more quickly.»
«{0.SimFirstName} had always thought the anesthesiologist's job was pretty easy but, wow, there are a lot of knobs and dials on that cart!  Unfortunately, while standing in for the resident anesthesiologist, {0.SimFirstName} left the gas on and not only knocked herself out, but also a surgery team trying to prep the OR. How embarrassing!» → «{0.SimFirstName} had always thought the anesthesiologist's job was pretty easy but, wow, there are a lot of knobs and dials on that cart! Unfortunately, while standing in for the resident anesthesiologist, {0.SimFirstName} left the gas on and not only knocked herself out, but also a surgery team trying to prep the OR. How embarrassing!»
«{0.SimName} can’t believe the energy {MA.his}{FA.her} beats are producing! {0.SimFirstName}’s amazing Laser Rhythm-a-con skills earned {MA.him}{FA.her} a simple honor: The Lustrous Entertainer.» → «{0.SimName} can’t believe the energy {MA.his}{FA.her} beats are producing! {0.SimFirstName}’s amazing Laser Rhythm-a-con skills earned {MA.him}{FA.her} a simple honour: The Lustrous Entertainer.»
«No custom materials available in this category.  Please turn off the filter or change category.» → «No custom materials available in this category. Please turn off the filter or change category.»
«Frankly, some Sims are just smarter than average. Geniuses  have derived an algorithm to demonstrate by just how much.» → «Frankly, some Sims are just smarter than average. Geniuses have derived an algorithm to demonstrate by just how much.»
«Visit Sorority with Date» → «Visit Women's College with Date»
«Randomize Shape» → «Randomise Shape»
«30 Town Center Drive» → «30 Town Centre Drive»
«The designers at SimTech Industries thought, “Why not make our next mass-storage decoration look like a simple box with rubber safety corners?” And so they did. Years of painstaking research went into the development of the Bio-Cube to find a way for Sims to safely place this powerful device on their show stages without risk of radiation poisoning, then they realized that it makes a very nice end table as well.» → «The designers at SimTech Industries thought, “Why not make our next mass-storage decoration look like a simple box with rubber safety corners?” And so they did. Years of painstaking research went into the development of the Bio-Cube to find a way for Sims to safely place this powerful device on their show stages without risk of radiation poisoning, then they realised that it makes a very nice end table as well.»
«Inspect Mail and Search through Garbage» → «Inspect Post and Search through Garbage»
«(From Gypsy Caravan)» → «(From Fortune Caravan)»
«Improving upon the popular EX edition of the Faux Drainpipe, this sharp looking pipe provides just enough length to reach a smidge over the first floor on those foundation encumbered buildings.  It’s backed by the Drip Drop guarantee: no flowing water or your Simoleons back!» → «Improving upon the popular EX edition of the Faux Drainpipe, this sharp looking pipe provides just enough length to reach a smidge over the first floor on those foundation encumbered buildings. It’s backed by the Drip Drop guarantee: no flowing water or your Simoleons back!»
«The meeting was a success as the local merchant seemed to know just about everything and everyone in Champs Les Sims. You parted with a handshake and a list of new business contacts which pleased Management. For your part, you job performance was recognized with a raise.» → «The meeting was a success as the local merchant seemed to know just about everything and everyone in Champs Les Sims. You parted with a handshake and a list of new business contacts which pleased Management. For your part, your job performance was recognised with a raise.»
«Depriving a dog of attention to this point isn't really considered "caring for {MA.him}{FA.her}".  Give {0.SimFirstName} some affection before {MA.he}{FA.she} needs to find a better home.» → «Depriving a dog of attention to this point isn't really considered "caring for {MA.him}{FA.her}". Give {0.SimFirstName} some affection before {MA.he}{FA.she} needs to find a better home.»
«Make your box stalls as eco-friendly as possible.  Fertilizer from box stalls used by this horse is always of the highest quality.» → «Make your box stalls as eco-friendly as possible. Fertiliser from box stalls used by this horse is always of the highest quality.»
«Depriving a cat of attention to this point isn't really considered "caring for {MA.him}{FA.her}".  Give {0.SimFirstName} some affection before {MA.he}{FA.she} needs to find a better home.» → «Depriving a cat of attention to this point isn't really considered "caring for {MA.him}{FA.her}". Give {0.SimFirstName} some affection before {MA.he}{FA.she} needs to find a better home.»
«Get Attention from Mom» → «Get Attention from Mum»
«Senorita Hernandez» → «Señorita Hernández»
«Getting enough sleep can even put dogs in a better mood!  Seriously, just ask {0.SimFirstName}!» → «Getting enough sleep can even put dogs in a better mood! Seriously, just ask {0.SimFirstName}!»
«There is currently no Community Living Center. One must be created before returning to game.» → «There is currently no Community Living Centre. One must be created before returning to game.»
«Why, oh why didn't you bring in the food in time?  This won't be good for the restaurant, not good at all!» → «Why, oh why didn't you bring in the food in time? This won't be good for the restaurant, not good at all!»
«Getting enough sleep can even put cats in a better mood!  Seriously, just ask {0.SimFirstName}!» → «Getting enough sleep can even put cats in a better mood! Seriously, just ask {0.SimFirstName}!»
«It's {0.SimFirstName}'s birthday!  Today he embarks on the next stage of Life's great adventure. Why not buy him a birthday cake and throw a party?» → «It's {0.SimFirstName}'s birthday! Today he embarks on the next stage of Life's great adventure. Why not buy him a birthday cake and throw a party?»
«The keg is out and Sims are socializing. For {2.SimName}, it’s officially a kegger party!» → «The keg is out and Sims are socialising. For {2.SimName}, it’s officially a kegger party!»
«You shot, you scored! The newspapers are hailing you as the hero of the game, the champion of the city! The team is ecstatic, so much that they cannot stop hoisting you over their shoulders at work. Your job performance just went up, not to mention your stock with the organization.» → «You shot, you scored! The newspapers are hailing you as the hero of the match, the champion of the city! The team is ecstatic, so much that they cannot stop hoisting you over their shoulders at work. Your job performance just went up, not to mention your stock with the organisation.»
«Your horse will be able to channel its inner strength more efficiently.  With this reward, exercise motives refill much faster.» → «Your horse will be able to channel its inner strength more efficiently. With this reward, exercise motives refill much faster.»
«Fertilizer» → «Fertiliser»
«A local writer, {OpTarget} called with a literary quandry. A favorite book has been stolen and it's up to me to locate it. Sounds like a solid case. I should start by asking {OpTarget} about potential suspects.» → «A local writer, {OpTarget} called with a literary quandry. A favourite book has been stolen and it's up to me to locate it. Sounds like a solid case. I should start by asking {OpTarget} about potential suspects.»
«Visit the theater and usher for an event.» → «Visit the cinema and usher for an event.»
«Traveler of Time and Space» → «Traveller of Time and Space»
«Sweet Potato Fries» → «Sweet Potato Chips»
«Your next soccer opponent, {0.SimFirstName}, is a member of this household» → «Your next football opponent, {0.SimFirstName}, is a member of this household»
«The academic mind thirsts for new knowledge! For an engineer, expanding your mind means taking things apart. For a technology student, tinkering is an expansion of both mind and GPA! Impress your professor and earn extra credit!» → «The academic mind thirsts for new knowledge! For an engineer, expanding your mind means taking things apart. For a technology student, tinkering is an expansion of both mind and school marks! Impress your professor and earn extra credit!»
«It's fun to play with others – who knows what will happen! Your Sim hopes to play with someone soon... perhaps a game of Tag!» → «It's fun to play with others – who knows what will happen! Your Sim hopes to play with someone soon... perhaps a match of Tag!»
«Parlor Perch Barstool» → «Parlour Perch Barstool»
«Sims with a career can customize what they wear to work by using a dresser and mirror. Click on a dresser, and select "Plan Outfit" from the pie menu.» → «Sims with a career can customise what they wear to work by using a dresser and mirror. Click on a dresser, and select "Plan Outfit" from the pie menu.»
«Although pink diamonds get their color from interstitial impurities or structural defects, their value soars due to their romantic associations.» → «Although pink diamonds get their colour from interstitial impurities or structural defects, their value soars due to their romantic associations.»
«A mere footnote in kitchen history, the Sonarange line of ovens were meant to rival microwave technology through the means of propelling sound waves rapidly through food—hence the tagline, "Cooking at the speed of sound!" Noise complaints from neighbors led to a short lived presence in the market, and the company was forced to build microwaves to avoid bankruptcy.» → «A mere footnote in kitchen history, the Sonarange line of ovens were meant to rival microwave technology through the means of propelling sound waves rapidly through food—hence the tagline, "Cooking at the speed of sound!" Noise complaints from neighbours led to a short lived presence in the market, and the company was forced to build microwaves to avoid bankruptcy.»
«It's always a good time to call upon the neighbors when they're at home.» → «It's always a good time to call upon the neighbours when they're at home.»
«Quality nectar needs time for flavors to develop and a Nectar Cellar is the ideal place for aging. Your Sim wants to have a basement built, then filled with nectar racks in which to age the Nectar!» → «Quality nectar needs time for flavours to develop and a Nectar Cellar is the ideal place for aging. Your Sim wants to have a basement built, then filled with nectar racks in which to age the Nectar!»
«Candles may be banned by the Wax Conservation Act of 2025, but this bowl-shaped lamp is the next best thing. Enjoy those warm cozy shadows without depriving the poor bees!» → «Candles may be banned by the Wax Conservation Act of 2025, but this bowl-shaped lamp is the next best thing. Enjoy those warm cosy shadows without depriving the poor bees!»
«Digging up a gem is always exciting, doubly so because then you get to keep them!  Your dog wants to Find a Gem.» → «Digging up a gem is always exciting, doubly so because then you get to keep them! Your dog wants to Find a Gem.»
«Doors are closed for this game.» → «Doors are closed for this match.»
«Sky blue is a delicate and beautiful color, so {0.SimName} went ahead and slathered on some Light Blue Dew.» → «Sky blue is a delicate and beautiful colour, so {0.SimName} went ahead and slathered on some Light Blue Dew.»
«Regional Traveler» → «Regional Traveller»
«Eyebrow Color» → «Eyebrow Colour»
«{OpSource} is worried about mail fraud, specifically, an excess of mailbox spam. {OpSourceFirstName} wants me to bend the rules and go through a few mailboxes to find out who is spamming the citizenry.» → «{OpSource} is worried about post fraud, specifically, an excess of post box spam. {OpSourceFirstName} wants me to bend the rules and go through a few post boxes to find out who is spamming the citizenry.»
«Tri-Fruhm Sorority» → «Queen Mesprit Women's College»
«179  Fibonacci circle» → «179 Fibonacci Circle»
«Return the Power Cells to the Time Traveler.» → «Return the Power Cells to the Time Traveller.»
«Greetings {0.SimFirstName}, we're throwing a feast party for the neighborhood and I'm hoping you can come. Bring a guest if you like but more imporantly a big appetite.» → «Greetings {0.SimFirstName}, we're throwing a feast party for the neighbourhood and I'm hoping you can come. Bring a guest if you like but more imporantly a big appetite.»
«For an executive lodging to serve as a home away from home, this is the obvious choice for the discerning Tycoon.  And like the nearby Civil Suites, the management asks few questions as long as you can pay.» → «For an executive lodging to serve as a home away from home, this is the obvious choice for the discerning Tycoon. And like the nearby Civil Suites, the management asks few questions as long as you can pay.»
«“Interview Source” at the Theatre before time runs out to earn a job performance boost.» → «“Interview Source” at the Cinema before time runs out to earn a job performance boost.»
«Lapis Lazuli is a quite rare stone prized for its deep blue colors. Some say if Horus had blue eyes, they would have been cut from this stone!» → «Lapis Lazuli is a quite rare stone prized for its deep blue colours. Some say if Horus had blue eyes, they would have been cut from this stone!»
«Everyone dreams of being the next idol, of being worshipped by millions of Sims across the world.  But can you work through the years of stress and obscurity to reach the heights of super-stardom?» → «Everyone dreams of being the next idol, of being worshipped by millions of Sims across the world. But can you work through the years of stress and obscurity to reach the heights of super-stardom?»
«Your pet thinks your Sim is great… well, great as a chair, at least!  Your pet wants to sit on a Sim's lap.» → «Your pet thinks your Sim is great… well, great as a chair, at least! Your pet wants to sit on a Sim's lap.»
«The higher the Visa level the more benefits Sims can enjoy while traveling abroad. Your Sim wants to earn a level {0.Number} Egyptian Visa.» → «The higher the Visa level the more benefits Sims can enjoy while travelling abroad. Your Sim wants to earn a level {0.Number} Egyptian Visa.»
«For the Sim eager to make a statement like “I really like guitars” or “music is my mellow place”, this expensive yet “non-functioning” solid body could be just the thing.  It’s a pretty good “replica” of Tom Audio’s infamous lucky charm instrument that was stolen on the first leg of the DRIR tour.» → «For the Sim eager to make a statement like “I really like guitars” or “music is my mellow place”, this expensive yet “non-functioning” solid body could be just the thing. It’s a pretty good “replica” of Tom Audio’s infamous lucky charm instrument that was stolen on the first leg of the DRIR tour.»
«The bombardment of whimsy has turned snail shells rainbow colored!» → «The bombardment of whimsy has turned snail shells rainbow coloured!»
«Politician at last! As the newest City Council Member, you have the unique position of affecting change on the welfare of the city. Change takes time though, and re-elections cost money. You’ll need to start working your neighbors, acquaintances, and random individuals for their campaign donations. Bring your walking shoes, Councilwoman.» → «Politician at last! As the newest City Council Member, you have the unique position of affecting change on the welfare of the city. Change takes time though, and re-elections cost money. You’ll need to start working your neighbours, acquaintances, and random individuals for their campaign donations. Bring your walking shoes, Councilwoman.»
«Oh no!  It was Bloatyheaditis after all. At least both diseases are treated very similarly. The only difference is that the treatment for Cartoongasitis causes the skin of patients with Bloatyheaditis to turn a pale chartreuse. {0.SimFirstName}'s boss is not impressed and {0.SimFirstName}'s job performance goes down a little due to lack of confidence.» → «Oh no! It was Bloatyheaditis after all. At least both diseases are treated very similarly. The only difference is that the treatment for Cartoongasitis causes the skin of patients with Bloatyheaditis to turn a pale chartreuse. {0.SimFirstName}'s boss is not impressed and {0.SimFirstName}'s job performance goes down a little due to lack of confidence.»
«This is Fort Starch Military School. Regretably, we overcharged you {2.Money} for {1.SimFirstName}'s tuition. Please accept this refund so this incident will not stain the honor of our institution.» → «This is Fort Starch Military School. Regretably, we overcharged you {2.Money} for {1.SimFirstName}'s tuition. Please accept this refund so this incident will not stain the honour of our institution.»
«Your seminar was wildly successful. Reaching a room full of avid and enthusiastic supporters is always quite satisfying, but so is being recognized for your efforts with a job performance increase.» → «Your seminar was wildly successful. Reaching a room full of avid and enthusiastic supporters is always quite satisfying, but so is being recognised for your efforts with a job performance increase.»
«It’s hard to stay stressed when there are pineapple-flavored bubbles in the air. Sims can practically feel the sand between their toes!» → «It’s hard to stay stressed when there are pineapple-flavoured bubbles in the air. Sims can practically feel the sand between their toes!»
«Aleister has done it again! This time he offers you this handsome and handy display cabinet for all of your important elixirs, gems, and rocks. It helps keep your alchemy organized, and it gives you a nice place to show off your hard work. Bonus storage below is perfect for whatever odds and ends you want to keep close by.» → «Aleister has done it again! This time he offers you this handsome and handy display cabinet for all of your important elixirs, gems, and rocks. It helps keep your alchemy organised, and it gives you a nice place to show off your hard work. Bonus storage below is perfect for whatever odds and ends you want to keep close by.»
«Customize Plumbot» → «Customise Plumbot»
«Some might consider it cheating to use magic to help your plants grow, but {2.SimName} doesn’t seem to mind. All that matters is that {MA.his}{FA.her} garden is the envy of the neighborhood!» → «Some might consider it cheating to use magic to help your plants grow, but {2.SimName} doesn’t seem to mind. All that matters is that {MA.his}{FA.her} garden is the envy of the neighbourhood!»
«Mention Favorite Thing About Sim» → «Mention Favourite Thing About Sim»
«Raise the Defense Grid» → «Raise the Defence Grid»
«Thanks for inviting me over!  I'm really looking forward to spending the night at your place. It'll be fun!» → «Thanks for inviting me over! I'm really looking forward to spending the night at your place. It'll be fun!»
«Side Pocket Pool Table» → «Side Pocket Snooker Table»
«I thank you for the kind words, but I think I must make my own way in romance and not rely on the guidance of {2.String}.  Anyway {2.String} found a keystone embedded in the relic you found.  I’ve determined that the next secret hiding place for Hatshepsut and Ramses is underneath the market itself. Shocking, I know! Find this secret basement chamber and deliver any clues you find in chests to {2.String}.» → «I thank you for the kind words, but I think I must make my own way in romance and not rely on the guidance of {2.String}. Anyway {2.String} found a keystone embedded in the relic you found. I’ve determined that the next secret hiding place for Hatshepsut and Ramses is underneath the market itself. Shocking, I know! Find this secret basement chamber and deliver any clues you find in chests to {2.String}.»
«Set Laser Idle Color» → «Set Laser Idle Colour»
«Why not -- you’re pretty cute! I mean, not that that’s all you go on, but… you are pretty cute.» → «Why not — you’re pretty cute! I mean, not that that’s all you go on, but… you are pretty cute.»
«(From Socializing With Supernatural)» → «(From Socialising With Supernatural)»
«Nature is beautiful, but it’s hard to own. Take leaves, for example. They can be stunning, but as a part of the natural world their life is cyclical and ever-moving. There’s no guarantee that a leaf that is beautiful today will have the same color, shape, or even location tomorrow. Thanks to technology, you can now have the beauty of nature in a refreshing permanent state. Hang the Permanent Leaves sculpture on your wall, and you can say “Gotcha, nature!”» → «Nature is beautiful, but it’s hard to own. Take leaves, for example. They can be stunning, but as a part of the natural world their life is cyclical and ever-moving. There’s no guarantee that a leaf that is beautiful today will have the same colour, shape, or even location tomorrow. Thanks to technology, you can now have the beauty of nature in a refreshing permanent state. Hang the Permanent Leaves sculpture on your wall, and you can say “Gotcha, nature!”»
«{0.SimName} has received a new uniform to honor {0.SimName}'s new rank.» → «{0.SimName} has received a new uniform to honour {0.SimName}'s new rank.»
«Due to unexpected circumstances, travel plans had to be be cancelled.  You'll receive a full refund of {0.Money}.» → «Due to unexpected circumstances, travel plans had to be be cancelled. You'll receive a full refund of {0.Money}.»
«Have a Sim write 2 Sci-Fi, Drama, Humor, Mystery and Romance novels then write 2 Vaudeville novels» → «Have a Sim write 2 Sci-fi, Drama, Humour, Mystery and Romance novels then write 2 Vaudeville novels»
« Destiny Grove and Jojo Hotness and her Hotness Crew Double Billboard.» → «Destiny Grove and Jojo Hotness and her Hotness Crew Double Billboard.»
«(From Traveling To The Future)» → «(From Travelling To The Future)»
«What was that?  An Earthquake?  {0.SimFirstName} should check in with work to see if they need help.» → «What was that? An Earthquake? {0.SimFirstName} should check in with work to see if they need help.»
«Awww ... kittens are so cute and cuddly!» → «Awww ... kittens are so cute and cuddly!»
«• Play collegiate sports in the stadium.» → «• Play varsity sports in the stadium.»
«A roof made from dark Midnight colored tile.» → «A roof made from dark Midnight coloured tile.»
«This cozy home has nurtured Sims for generations.» → «This cosy home has nurtured Sims for generations.»
«The perfect place to spend a vacation.» → «The perfect place to spend a holiday.»
«Life's a party when you reside in this colorful home!» → «Life's a party when you reside in this colourful home!»
«It's difficult for any child or teen Sim to resist occasionally setting a hilarious booby trap or playing a prank on a neighbor. \\n\\nWould you like to learn more about Pranks and Booby Traps?» → «It's difficult for any child or teen Sim to resist occasionally setting a hilarious booby trap or playing a prank on a neighbour. \\n\\nWould you like to learn more about Pranks and Booby Traps?»
«You handled the interviews with great sensitivity and insight.  The newpaper paid a stipend for your travels and you got a nice raise as well!» → «You handled the interviews with great sensitivity and insight. The newpaper paid a stipend for your travels and you got a nice raise as well!»
«With total mastery of the various timelines, you established yourself as a legendary time traveler.» → «With total mastery of the various timelines, you established yourself as a legendary time traveller.»
«Cookies for Dinner!» → «Biscuits for Dinner!»
«Bowling a strike is always a rewarding feet… But bowling a strike against a cosmic array of bowling pins? Now that’s bowling!» → «Bowling a strike is always a rewarding feat… But bowling a strike against a cosmic array of bowling pins? Now that’s bowling!»
«Congratulations on your advancement through the ranks of Firefighting! {TownName} is grateful for all you have done! The Mayor is holding a special ceremony in your honor at City Hall in order to present you with the {1.String}.» → «Congratulations on your advancement through the ranks of Firefighting! {TownName} is grateful for all you have done! The Mayor is holding a special ceremony in your honour at City Hall in order to present you with the {1.String}.»
«Jorgensen» → «Jørgensen»
«Oh, I didn't recognize you {MA.Mr... Mr.}{FA.Ms... Ms.} Moneybags! Thanks and have fun in there!» → «Oh, I didn't recognise you {MA.Mr... Mr.}{FA.Ms... Ms.} Moneybags! Thanks and have fun in there!»
«Food Truck» → «Food Van»
«Tour Theatre With...» → «Tour Cinema With...»
«{0.SimFirstName} has unlocked some gags that will make Sims gag. {MA.He}{FA.She} can now Fairy Trap a trashcan and perform Tummy Twister on unsuspecting Sims.» → «{0.SimFirstName} has unlocked some gags that will make Sims gag. {MA.He}{FA.She} can now Fairy Trap a waste bin and perform Tummy Twister on unsuspecting Sims.»
«{0.SimFirstName} has learned to utilize {MA.his}{FA.her} Fairy Form to get to those hard-to-reach places and perform a Fairy Repair on broken objects.\n\n{0.SimFirstName} has also unlocked the Aura of Body and Mind to assist Sims in their training.» → «{0.SimFirstName} has learned to utilise {MA.his}{FA.her} Fairy Form to get to those hard-to-reach places and perform a Fairy Repair on broken objects.\n\n{0.SimFirstName} has also unlocked the Aura of Body and Mind to assist Sims in their training.»
«Some will check the mail and only take what is theirs, leaving the rest to gather dust. It’s time to get them back! {0.SimFirstName} can now Fairy Trap a mailbox and teach them not to be so stingy.» → «Some will check the post and only take what is theirs, leaving the rest to gather dust. It’s time to get them back! {0.SimFirstName} can now Fairy Trap a postbox and teach them not to be so stingy.»
«"Analyze Tire Marks" at the local Police Station» → «"Analyse Tire Marks" at the local Police Station»
«Gypsy Vanner» → «Fortune Vanner»
«Painting a la Phalange» → «Painting à la Phalange»
«Competing branches of The Organization are looking at {0.SimName} and his skills with eager eyes. The Department of Thievery thinks he's got a great sneak about him, as well as an eye for the real prize. The Ministry of Evil has other plans for {0.SimFirstName}. They think he has what it takes to lead The Organization to evil and world domination. What will it be? Thief or Evildoer?» → «Competing branches of The Organisation are looking at {0.SimName} and his skills with eager eyes. The Department of Thievery thinks he's got a great sneak about him, as well as an eye for the real prize. The Ministry of Evil has other plans for {0.SimFirstName}. They think he has what it takes to lead The Organisation to evil and world domination. What will it be? Thief or Evildoer?»
«A robust mushroom with a great flavor and an even better ingredient for your favorite mushroom dish.» → «A robust mushroom with a great flavour and an even better ingredient for your favourite mushroom dish.»
«Fertilize Garden with Best Fertilizers» → «Fertilise Garden with Best Fertilisers»
«A Commerce Center with a Commissary – where business meets pleasure!» → «A Commerce Centre with a Commissary – where business meets pleasure!»
«Attend a game in {0.Days} at {1.String}» → «Attend a match in {0.Days} at {1.String}»
«Oh no!  {0.SimFirstName} has been cursed  by a mummy!  If it’s not cured, your Sim may perish.» → «Oh no! {0.SimFirstName} has been cursed by a mummy! If it’s not cured, your Sim may perish.»
«Enjoy the world’s most popular game with friends and family! With grinding hours of practice, a talented athlete might match the skills of the legendary Tommy Wobbler: Soccerball Wizard.» → «Enjoy the world’s most popular game with friends and family! With grinding hours of practice, a talented athlete might match the skills of the legendary Tommy Wobbler: Football Wizard.»
«The Official Feline Followers are encouraging all cat lovers to socialize and meet new friends at the local cat jungle.  They are really hoping it will be an Awesome Party for those that come.» → «The Official Feline Followers are encouraging all cat lovers to socialise and meet new friends at the local cat jungle. They are really hoping it will be an Awesome Party for those that come.»
«Shamus and Eva are a traditional couple who have come a long way to live here in Twinbrook… and life is a bit different than they expected.  Despite fulfilling a lifelong dream to move here, their new jobs, new neighbors, and new way of life has been a bit overwhelming for them. Will their traditional values and customs keep them from fitting in in Twinbrook?» → «Shamus and Eva are a traditional couple who have come a long way to live here in Twinbrook… and life is a bit different than they expected. Despite fulfilling a lifelong dream to move here, their new jobs, new neighbours, and new way of life has been a bit overwhelming for them. Will their traditional values and customs keep them from fitting in in Twinbrook?»
«Traveling abroad is more fun when there is a place to call home. Your Sim wants to buy a vacation home in Al Simhara, which can be arranged by using a phone or computer to "Purchase Vacation Home."» → «Travelling abroad is more fun when there is a place to call home. Your Sim wants to buy a vacation home in Al Simhara, which can be arranged by using a phone or computer to "Purchase Vacation Home."»
«{0.SimFirstName} desperately needs to fuel {MA.his}{FA.her} desire for exercise.  A bit of running or jumping right now can easily help ease the frustration.» → «{0.SimFirstName} desperately needs to fuel {MA.his}{FA.her} desire for exercise. A bit of running or jumping right now can easily help ease the frustration.»
«Teaching a new trick, such as Play Dead, can be such an adventure! Your dog is really happy with all the attention {MA.He}{FA.She} is getting that they practically can't lie still from all the excitement!» → «Teaching a new trick, such as Play Dead, can be such an adventure! Your dog is really happy with all the attention {MA.He}{FA.She} is getting that they practically can't lie still from all the excitement!»
«Oh, hello! Is this {OpOwner}? My name is {OpTarget}. I've got a bit of a green thumb and I'm always on the lookout for the best fertilizers. A friend of mine mentioned that you've got quite the knack for fishing. Why don't you bring down a sample of your work and maybe I'll talk you up around town.» → «Oh, hello! Is this {OpOwner}? My name is {OpTarget}. I've got a bit of a green thumb and I'm always on the lookout for the best fertilisers. A friend of mine mentioned that you've got quite the knack for fishing. Why don't you bring down a sample of your work and maybe I'll talk you up around town.»
«Linda Rodgers has more love in her pinky finger than some Sims have in their entire heart! Thanks to the Moonlight Falls adoption center, Linda’s lifelong dream of starting a family has come true. Of course, thanks to a little… intervention by some mischievous fairies, Linda will discover she is getting more with her adoption than she ever dreamed of! What will Linda say when little Sophie grows up to be a beautiful young fairy?» → «Linda Rodgers has more love in her pinky finger than some Sims have in their entire heart! Thanks to the Moonlight Falls adoption centre, Linda’s lifelong dream of starting a family has come true. Of course, thanks to a little… intervention by some mischievous fairies, Linda will discover she is getting more with her adoption than she ever dreamt of! What will Linda say when little Sophie grows up to be a beautiful young fairy?»
«This home is the perfect size for the single Sim or couple.  Notice and adore the majestic view from the upper balcony.» → «This home is the perfect size for the single Sim or couple. Notice and adore the majestic view from the upper balcony.»
«This is the trashcan placed on houseboats by default as the replacement for the outdoor trashcan. It's different from the base game indoor trashcan in that it can't be stolen, reposessed, copied, it stays after an eviction, and its value is 0.» → «This is the waste bin placed on houseboats by default as the replacement for the outdoor waste bin. It's different from the base game indoor waste bin in that it can't be stolen, reposessed, copied, it stays after an eviction, and its value is 0.»
«Paying homage to a popular architectural design from days past, this window is sure to be a colorful addition to your home. Everything is better with bubbles!» → «Paying homage to a popular architectural design from days past, this window is sure to be a colourful addition to your home. Everything is better with bubbles!»
«This is an award given to High School Valedictorians.» → «This is an award given to Secondary School Valedictorians.»
«{OpTarget} is obsessed with sharks -- that's pretty much all I know.» → «{OpTarget} is obsessed with sharks — that's pretty much all I know.»
«Second in command may not be the end goal, but riding the ticket long enough just might earn you the coveted top spot. Mere local matters are beneath you now that economic concerns pile onto your desk. Evil organizations aren’t making matters any better, as the safety and protection of the citizenry is a prime directive of your boss. The public watches silently to see if you truly have what it takes.» → «Second in command may not be the end goal, but riding the ticket long enough just might earn you the coveted top spot. Mere local matters are beneath you now that economic concerns pile onto your desk. Evil organisations aren’t making matters any better, as the safety and protection of the citizenry is a prime directive of your boss. The public watches silently to see if you truly have what it takes.»
«Not satisfied to see you with your hands solely on the city, your constituents want to see you at the next level. More territory means more favor and votes needed to get anything done, and that means more campaign donations. Keep the cookie jar full, and you get to keep your job.» → «Not satisfied to see you with your hands solely on the city, your constituents want to see you at the next level. More territory means more favor and votes needed to get anything done, and that means more campaign donations. Keep the biscuit jar full, and you get to keep your job.»
«Politician at last! As the newest City Council Member, you have the unique position of affecting change on the welfare of the city. Change takes time though, and re-elections cost money. You’ll need to start working your neighbors, acquaintances, and random individuals for their campaign donations. Bring your walking shoes, Councilman.» → «Politician at last! As the newest City Council Member, you have the unique position of affecting change on the welfare of the city. Change takes time though, and re-elections cost money. You’ll need to start working your neighbours, acquaintances, and random individuals for their campaign donations. Bring your walking shoes, Councilman.»
«Frequent elections require a steady cadre of reliable Ballot Counters to keep things honest and precise. You don’t work for any particular party or organization... right? Keep your nose clean and do nothing more than count and report the data. Democracy is counting on you!» → «Frequent elections require a steady cadre of reliable Ballot Counters to keep things honest and precise. You don’t work for any particular party or organisation... right? Keep your nose clean and do nothing more than count and report the data. Democracy is counting on you!»
«With the basics of inventing under {MA.his}{FA.her} belt, there’s now a chance that {0.SimFirstName} will make improved versions of existing Widgets.  Improved Widgets have bells and whistles that make them more valuable!» → «With the basics of inventing under {MA.his}{FA.her} belt, there’s now a chance that {0.SimFirstName} will make improved versions of existing Widgets. Improved Widgets have bells and whistles that make them more valuable!»
«That last lead didn't pan out too well, but now {0.SimName} is closer than ever. This is {MA.his}{FA.her} last chance. It all comes down to this! {0.SimName} has followed a path into a small clearing. There is a large hollow log in the center of the clearing. Oddly enough, a hand-painted sign pointing to the log reads, "Fairies In Here." In the very back of the clearing is a non-descript hedge. The hedge would be the perfect place to hide as you watched foolish Sims fall for your "log" trick, if you were a Fairy. At the same time, Fairies are so clever it's completely possible that they expect {0.SimName} to ignore the obvious trap and so they really ARE hiding inside the log, doing their best to stifle their tiny giggles. What will {0.SimName} do?» → «That last lead didn't pan out too well, but now {0.SimName} is closer than ever. This is {MA.his}{FA.her} last chance. It all comes down to this! {0.SimName} has followed a path into a small clearing. There is a large hollow log in the centre of the clearing. Oddly enough, a hand-painted sign pointing to the log reads, "Fairies In Here." In the very back of the clearing is a non-descript hedge. The hedge would be the perfect place to hide as you watched foolish Sims fall for your "log" trick, if you were a Fairy. At the same time, Fairies are so clever it's completely possible that they expect {0.SimName} to ignore the obvious trap and so they really ARE hiding inside the log, doing their best to stifle their tiny giggles. What will {0.SimName} do?»
«That last lead didn't pan out too well, but now {0.SimName} is closer than ever. This is {MA.his}{FA.her} last chance. It all comes down to this! {0.SimName} has followed a path into a small clearing. At the far end of the clearing are two separate paths formed from the local flora. One is composed of a terrifying snarl of thorns, dead flowers, and crawling vines. Above it is a neatly hand-lettered sign reading "Fairies Inside!" The other passageway is elegantly lined with ivy and adorned with gorgeous flowers of every color in the rainbow. This one is labeled "Certain Doom!" Fairies have a weird sense of humor. This is it! Where will {0.SimName} go?» → «That last lead didn't pan out too well, but now {0.SimName} is closer than ever. This is {MA.his}{FA.her} last chance. It all comes down to this! {0.SimName} has followed a path into a small clearing. At the far end of the clearing are two separate paths formed from the local flora. One is composed of a terrifying snarl of thorns, dead flowers, and crawling vines. Above it is a neatly hand-lettered sign reading "Fairies Inside!" The other passageway is elegantly lined with ivy and adorned with gorgeous flowers of every colour in the rainbow. This one is labeled "Certain Doom!" Fairies have a weird sense of humour. This is it! Where will {0.SimName} go?»
«Visit the {OpTarget} and sort mail.» → «Visit the {OpTarget} and sort post.»
«A huge, dark colored boulder for your lot.» → «A huge, dark coloured boulder for your lot.»
«This stately Mission-style home was built to last. The centerpiece of the lower floor is the octagonal living room while the bedroom and private balcony dominate the second floor.» → «This stately Mission-style home was built to last. The centrepiece of the lower floor is the octagonal living room while the bedroom and private balcony dominate the second floor.»
«Marathon Runners must run at least {0.Number} kilometers before they earn the title. However, accomplishing this incredible feat guarantees them a longer, healthier life.» → «Marathon Runners must run at least {0.Number} kilometres (310mi) before they earn the title. However, accomplishing this incredible feat guarantees them a longer, healthier life.»
«Center» → «Centre»
«Snow Cone Machine Cart» → «Sorbet Machine Cart»
«You can’t remember the last time you got a real letter in the mail and you certainly haven’t written one lately. You don’t need stamps, you don’t have a lot of pesky, clutter-some papers to clip or staple. So why do you need a desk with drawers? You’re just going make a mess of them by cramming them with stuff that you don’t even need. It’s time to take your office furniture into the next century.» → «You can’t remember the last time you got a real letter in the post and you certainly haven’t written one lately. You don’t need stamps, you don’t have a lot of pesky, clutter-some papers to clip or staple. So why do you need a desk with drawers? You’re just going make a mess of them by cramming them with stuff that you don’t even need. It’s time to take your office furniture into the next century.»
«Honors» → «Honours»
«Honors and Privileges» → «Honours and Privileges»
«Highest Honors and Privileges» → «Highest Honours and Privileges»
«Hair Color» → «Hair Colour»
«Your novel was added to a hallowed collection, to be forever recognized as the best literature of our time. For your contribution, the guild gave you some money.» → «Your novel was added to a hallowed collection, to be forever recognised as the best literature of our time. For your contribution, the guild gave you some money.»
«Friendly cooks learn to prepare their friends' favorite meals. Your Sim wants to please someone by preparing that Sim's favorite dish.» → «Friendly cooks learn to prepare their friends' favourite meals. Your Sim wants to please someone by preparing that Sim's favourite dish.»
«Here's something… I found a bunch of apple cores in {OpSource}'s garbage can. They have some strange bite marks on them… nothing I've ever seen. I should bring a sample to the science lab. Maybe they can make sense of this.» → «Here's something… I found a bunch of apple cores in {OpSource}'s garbage can. They have some strange bite marks on them… nothing I've ever seen. I should bring a sample to the science lab. Maybe they can make sense of this.»
«The centerpiece of any stately bathroom is the sink, and few compare in opulence to the Fontainebleau Fountain. Imported spring water pours luxuriously from its faucet, while a self-cleaning basin prevents hand lather and toothpaste clumps from sticking.» → «The centrepiece of any stately bathroom is the sink, and few compare in opulence to the Fontainebleau Fountain. Imported spring water pours luxuriously from its faucet, while a self-cleaning basin prevents hand lather and toothpaste clumps from sticking.»
«Every case comes with a mountain of paperwork, and the Sergeant will need some fresh coffee. Tend to the files and learn to wield a stapler as a Desk Jockey, and the Lieutenant may see about getting you a position that features a little more action.» → «Every case comes with a mountain of paperwork, and the Sergeant will need some fresh coffee. Tend to the files and learn to wield a stapler as a Desk Jockey, and the Chief Inspector may see about getting you a position that features a little more action.»
«Fertilize Plant with Fresh Caught Fish» → «Fertilise Plant with Fresh Caught Fish»
«Done building your perfect house?  You can get out of Build Mode by hitting the Live Mode button and returning to your Sims and their lives.» → «Done building your perfect house? You can get out of Build Mode by hitting the Live Mode button and returning to your Sims and their lives.»
«Much of Build Mode is similar to Buy Mode - catalogs of objects that will help you build up your house. Certain objects like doors, windows, and arches can only go on walls.» → «Much of Build Mode is similar to Buy Mode - catalogues of objects that will help you build up your house. Certain objects like doors, windows, and arches can only go on walls.»
«As they say: “Music calms the savage beast” (though, actually, at some point in history there was a typo because the real quote is “Music calms the savage breast”, but, hey, it works either way, right?). This neon creation by The Light Fantastic may not sedate wild animals (or de-stress your torso), but its cool design and vibrant colors are definitely easy on the eyes.» → «As they say: “Music calms the savage beast” (though, actually, at some point in history there was a typo because the real quote is “Music calms the savage breast”, but, hey, it works either way, right?). This neon creation by The Light Fantastic may not sedate wild animals (or de-stress your torso), but its cool design and vibrant colours are definitely easy on the eyes.»
«{0.SimFirstName} has caused a pretty significant amount of damage to town property!  A fine of {1.Money} will be billed to {MA.his}{FA.her} house. {0.SimFirstName} is on notice for {2.Number} days and is strongly advised to cease and desist.» → «{0.SimFirstName} has caused a pretty significant amount of damage to town property! A fine of {1.Money} will be billed to {MA.his}{FA.her} house. {0.SimFirstName} is on notice for {2.Number} days and is strongly advised to cease and desist.»
«Your boss is glad you took the time to read “The 36 Hour Shift and You.”  Reading is never a waste of time! Your boss has improved your job performance, and it seems the two of you have grown a bit closer as a result of your efforts.» → «Your boss is glad you took the time to read “The 36 Hour Shift and You.” Reading is never a waste of time! Your boss has improved your job performance, and it seems the two of you have grown a bit closer as a result of your efforts.»
«Your pet has been feeling itchy lately. Perhaps a flea bath would fix that.  Your pet wants to get a flea bath.» → «Your pet has been feeling itchy lately. Perhaps a flea bath would fix that. Your pet wants to get a flea bath.»
«There's a tunnel entrance down here!  But it's temporarily blocked by some debris!» → «There's a tunnel entrance down here! But it's temporarily blocked by some debris!»
«You placed Aleister’s Elixirs and Sundries. Buy and sell your favorite elixirs and ingredients!» → «You placed Aleister’s Elixirs and Sundries. Buy and sell your favourite elixirs and ingredients!»
«There’s no feeling quite like being elbow-deep in a Plumbot’s thought center, is there?» → «There’s no feeling quite like being elbow-deep in a Plumbot’s thought centre, is there?»
«A successful artist in her youth, Margarita now finds herself alone, adrift in a world of vibrant color… Though her days are waning Margarita will be happy to spend her remaining time painting seascapes and sunrises.» → «A successful artist in her youth, Margarita now finds herself alone, adrift in a world of vibrant colour… Though her days are waning Margarita will be happy to spend her remaining time painting seascapes and sunrises.»
«A natural-born psychic, Helen has many questions about ghosts that remain unanswered. Why don’t they open doors? What could possibly be so fun about haunting furniture? Such are questions that Helen has always wanted to know. Living with a family full of ghosts might seem crazy and reckless to some, but not for Helen! She’s always been a risk taker and living with a bunch of ghosts ranks among the lesser risks she’s taken.  Helen loves her video games and other high tech toys, but she’s not sure how her high tech lifestyle will fit in with a family of ghosts that are set in their ways…» → «A natural-born psychic, Helen has many questions about ghosts that remain unanswered. Why don’t they open doors? What could possibly be so fun about haunting furniture? Such are questions that Helen has always wanted to know. Living with a family full of ghosts might seem crazy and reckless to some, but not for Helen! She’s always been a risk taker and living with a bunch of ghosts ranks among the lesser risks she’s taken. Helen loves her video games and other high tech toys, but she’s not sure how her high tech lifestyle will fit in with a family of ghosts that are set in their ways…»
«If you want free food, you might be able to harvest some nice fruit to nosh on.  Just look for, uh, tall, green plants with colored stuff on them.» → «If you want free food, you might be able to harvest some nice fruit to nosh on. Just look for, uh, tall, green plants with coloured stuff on them.»
«Sorry, no free food here.  Try the park, sometimes people leave plates around.» → «Sorry, no free food here. Try the park, sometimes people leave plates around.»
«Looks like our gourmet food is out of your price range, sorry!  Best of luck not starving to death!» → «Looks like our gourmet food is out of your price range, sorry! Best of luck not starving to death!»
«You can't afford our fine cuisine!  Scram!» → «You can't afford our fine cuisine! Scram!»
«Hang on if you can! Aspiring jockeys can now enjoy the thrills of thoroughbred racing within the confines of their neighborhood playground. With authentic sights and sounds from the racetrack, there is little doubt that the Bust R Bronco Spring Rider will satisfy the horse lover in all Sims, large and small.» → «Hang on if you can! Aspiring jockeys can now enjoy the thrills of thoroughbred racing within the confines of their neighbourhood playground. With authentic sights and sounds from the racetrack, there is little doubt that the Bust R Bronco Spring Rider will satisfy the horse lover in all Sims, large and small.»
«{0.SimName}, since the academic buildings for your classes are all under construction, your classes for this term have been cancelled.  The university is sending you home.» → «{0.SimName}, since the academic buildings for your classes are all under construction, your classes for this term have been cancelled. The university is sending you home.»
«The pinched drape was one of the first types of stylized drape to be developed in the uncivilized world. It is still found in use today because the civilized world likes it too. This variation on the classic form was created by master drapes-woman Pearl Piccolo at her exclusive Sunset Valley studio.» → «The pinched drape was one of the first types of stylised drape to be developed in the uncivilised world. It is still found in use today because the civilised world likes it too. This variation on the classic form was created by master drapes-woman Pearl Piccolo at her exclusive Sunset Valley studio.»
«Astounding!  {0.SimFirstName} has made a {1.ObjectName}» → «Astounding! {0.SimFirstName} has made a {1.ObjectName}»
«The owner of the Theatre is dying for a little companionship. He wants a Tragic Clownfish – fittingly enough for a lover of drama! Catch a Tragic Clownfish and bring it to the Theatre for a little cash.» → «The owner of the Cinema is dying for a little companionship. He wants a Tragic Clownfish – fittingly enough for a lover of drama! Catch a Tragic Clownfish and bring it to the Cinema for a little cash.»
«Warm feelings of the past wash over you as you gaze into this lovingly handcrafted lamp. The glowing colored patterns seem to shift before your eyes as you lose yourself in deep thought. With a start, you shake yourself from your stupor, and then smile with the content realization that you now own an item of unparalleled beauty.» → «Warm feelings of the past wash over you as you gaze into this lovingly handcrafted lamp. The glowing coloured patterns seem to shift before your eyes as you lose yourself in deep thought. With a start, you shake yourself from your stupor, and then smile with the content realization that you now own an item of unparalleled beauty.»
«{OpTarget} is holding a beatnik poetry reading session. The usual attendants are really tired of snapping their fingers, so they're asking {OpOwner} to play a little bit of brushed cymbal a la beatnik. As a reward, the bookstore will give you a new composition.» → «{OpTarget} is holding a beatnik poetry reading session. The usual attendants are really tired of snapping their fingers, so they're asking {OpOwner} to play a little bit of brushed cymbal à la beatnik. As a reward, the bookstore will give you a new composition.»
«The great storytelling and humor of Vaudeville is sought by your acquaintance {0.SimName}. Write a vaudeville story for {0.SimName} and your relationship will improve, plus you’ll earn a cash bonus!» → «The great storytelling and humour of Vaudeville is sought by your acquaintance {0.SimName}. Write a vaudeville story for {0.SimName} and your relationship will improve, plus you’ll earn a cash bonus!»
«Localization Assistant» → «Localisation Assistant»
«Both the arts and having children are very important to Morgana Wolff, but she has just learned that her new husband, Thornton, actively dislikes both. Oops. Can these newlyweds save their young marriage?  Should they even try?» → «Both the arts and having children are very important to Morgana Wolff, but she has just learned that her new husband, Thornton, actively dislikes both. Oops. Can these newlyweds save their young marriage? Should they even try?»
«Social Butterfly Sims aren't happy unless they're socializing and will do just about anything to be the center of attention.» → «Social Butterfly Sims aren't happy unless they're socialising and will do just about anything to be the centre of attention.»
«Thanks to you, the Time Traveler can return home to Oasis Landing. Why don't you follow him and see where the Time Portal leads?» → «Thanks to you, the Time Traveller can return home to Oasis Landing. Why don't you follow him and see where the Time Portal leads?»
«Refuse never had it so good! Worry no more about the garbage – it's in a good place. The Open Arms and Feelings Trashcan cares about every piece of trash equally and without distinction. Finally, garbage can say "I'm Home."» → «Refuse never had it so good! Worry no more about the garbage – it's in a good place. The Open Arms and Feelings Waste Bin cares about every piece of trash equally and without distinction. Finally, garbage can say "I'm Home."»
«Okay, I'm taking off. Nice to meet you!  Don't forget to pay your bills, or I might have to come back!» → «Okay, I'm taking off. Nice to meet you! Don't forget to pay your bills, or I might have to come back!»
«Fertilize Plants» → «Fertilise Plants»
«This house has all the room you could ask for…and maybe even some you didn’t!  Bonus!  Move in and start life anew!» → «This house has all the room you could ask for…and maybe even some you didn’t! Bonus! Move in and start life anew!»
«You cannot go to Edit Town because your household is traveling.» → «You cannot go to Edit Town because your household is travelling.»
«Traveling Home» → «Travelling Home»
«{0.SimFirstName} was out on a job and while he was getting out of the area he managed to stash an extra trinket.  Look for it in your family inventory.  Nothing like handling your own bonuses for once, eh?» → «{0.SimFirstName} was out on a job and while he was getting out of the area he managed to stash an extra trinket. Look for it in your family inventory. Nothing like handling your own bonuses for once, eh?»
«You can place and use Elevators on all lots. When you place Elevator Doors from the Build Catalog, the doors of the Elevator must be placed on a wall.» → «You can place and use Elevators on all lots. When you place Elevator Doors from the Build Catalogue, the doors of the Elevator must be placed on a wall.»
«Your Friendly Neighborhood Police Officer» → «Your Friendly Neighbourhood Police Officer»
«{1.SimFirstName} has entered the Tomb of the Desert Ocean.  Now to find the Relic of Life!» → «{1.SimFirstName} has entered the Tomb of the Desert Ocean. Now to find the Relic of Life!»
«Town Center Festival Grounds» → «Town Centre Festival Grounds»
«Modeled after the frosted tree branches of winter, Frosty Waves is the perfect wall decoration for Sims who prefer the cold of winter.  Or perhaps you just like the color blue.» → «Modeled after the frosted tree branches of winter, Frosty Waves is the perfect wall decoration for Sims who prefer the cold of winter.  Or perhaps you just like the colour blue.»
«Brag About Wing Color» → «Brag About Wing Colour»
«Wait For Daycare Caregiver» → «Wait For Nursery Caregiver»
«Neighborhood Free Clinic» → «Neighbourhood Free Clinic»
«Two rogue lab technicians decided to cross the streams at the science lab.  Go put an end to the resulting mayhem!» → «Two rogue lab technicians decided to cross the streams at the science lab. Go put an end to the resulting mayhem!»
«Oh no… the electricity at the science lab just became self-aware and is wreaking havoc.  Go stop it!» → «Oh no… the electricity at the science lab just became self-aware and is wreaking havoc. Go stop it!»
«Blarg blarg!  The dimensionality of space-time is collapsing over at the science lab.  Stop it now, or doom!» → «Blarg blarg! The dimensionality of space-time is collapsing over at the science lab. Stop it now, or doom!»
«Yes, I would be willing to help you, but first you need to help me. Bring me {9.Number} Cerambryx Beetles from France for my research. You are clearly a man of travel, so that won't be so hard for you will it?» → «Yes, I would be willing to help you, but first you need to help me. Bring me {9.Number} Cerambryx Beetles from France for my research. You are clearly a lad of travel, so that won't be so hard for you will it?»
«Plants Analyzed: {0.Number}» → «Plants Analysed: {0.Number}»
«Gnawing hunger couldn't possibly be healthy for a relationship with your horse.  Feed {0.SimFirstName} before {MA.he}{FA.she} starts to dislike {MA.his}{FA.her} owners.» → «Gnawing hunger couldn't possibly be healthy for a relationship with your horse. Feed {0.SimFirstName} before {MA.he}{FA.she} starts to dislike {MA.his}{FA.her} owners.»
«Stu Surprise is an icky dish that contains so many flavors that it becomes palateable. Your Sim wants to eat Stu Surprise made with steak and eggs.» → «Stu Surprise is an icky dish that contains so many flavours that it becomes palateable. Your Sim wants to eat Stu Surprise made with steak and eggs.»
«{0.SimFirstName} is doing great in school. She has made it on the honor roll!» → «{0.SimFirstName} is doing great in school. She has made it on the honour roll!»
«The distant skyline of Bridgeport beckons from this unimposing house.  Being the first house on the block means you get home from work earlier than your neighbors!» → «The distant skyline of Bridgeport beckons from this unimposing house. Being the first house on the block means you get home from work earlier than your neighbours!»
«{0.SimFirstName} hasn't been getting enough attention and social interaction lately!  If this neglect continues, a social worker will be forced to take {MA.him}{FA.her} away.» → «{0.SimFirstName} hasn't been getting enough attention and social interaction lately! If this neglect continues, a social worker will be forced to take {MA.him}{FA.her} away.»
«Decor8 invites you to relive the excitement and romance of the Cold War Era with this new Rocketship sculpture! The whimsical design, inspired by early Nuclear Warhead schematics, features sassy striping and colorful accents. As a stage prop, a conversation piece, or something to hang your clothes on, the Decor8 Rocketship will have you blasting off for fun!» → «Decor8 invites you to relive the excitement and romance of the Cold War Era with this new Rocketship sculpture! The whimsical design, inspired by early Nuclear Warhead schematics, features sassy striping and colourful accents. As a stage prop, a conversation piece, or something to hang your clothes on, the Decor8 Rocketship will have you blasting off for fun!»
«Mummitomium is often mistaken for a common rock covered in trash. Don't mistake it's bandages for something else!» → «Mummitomium is often mistaken for a common rock covered in rubbish. Don't mistake its bandages for something else!»
«Two new Smart Phone skins unlocked! Check your Phone Settings to change skins.» → «Two new Smart Phone skins unlocked! Check your Phone Settings to change skins.»
«Your Sim can now create News Blogs and has unlocked two new Smart Phone skins! Check your Phone Settings to change skins.» → «Your Sim can now create News Blogs and has unlocked two new Smart Phone skins! Check your Phone Settings to change skins.»
«Upload Resume» → «Upload CV»
«Being one of the most handy and resourceful Sims in town will get {0.SimFirstName} far. In addition to a ship-shape home, having survived this long is something she should be proud of. To honor {0.SimFirstName}, the Builder Society has put in a good word so that she gets a discount whenever she buys new furniture for her home!\n\nCheck the handiness journal for Skill Challenges to refine {0.SimFirstName}’s handiness skills further!» → «Being one of the most handy and resourceful Sims in town will get {0.SimFirstName} far. In addition to a ship-shape home, having survived this long is something she should be proud of. To honour {0.SimFirstName}, the Builder Society has put in a good word so that she gets a discount whenever she buys new furniture for her home!\n\nCheck the handiness journal for Skill Challenges to refine {0.SimFirstName}’s handiness skills further!»
«Not long ago there lived a fish named Fred.  Fred was a happy fish.  One day while Fred was leisurely swimming along enjoying a sun bath, he found himself hit in the head by a Gonk Rock.  And now Fred is dead, but the rock lives on…  it lives on for you.» → «Not long ago there lived a fish named Fred. Fred was a happy fish. One day while Fred was leisurely swimming along enjoying a sun bath, he found himself hit in the head by a Gonk Rock. And now Fred is dead, but the rock lives on… it lives on for you.»
«There’s nothing glorious about being a Podium Polisher. A little wax rubbed on, a little rubbed off. The podium needs to look good for those who actually make a difference and their dramatic speeches. But, polish well enough and keep the right attitude, and there may be room within the organization for you.» → «There’s nothing glorious about being a Podium Polisher. A little wax rubbed on, a little rubbed off. The podium needs to look good for those who actually make a difference and their dramatic speeches. But, polish well enough and keep the right attitude, and there may be room within the organisation for you.»
«You must give your portal a name before traveling.» → «You must give your portal a name before travelling.»
«Feeling as if those prying eyes are prying just a bit much? Try these Eyes Aside Curtains to block out nosy neighbors, pesky peepers and that shocking sunshine!» → «Feeling as if those prying eyes are prying just a bit much? Try these Eyes Aside Curtains to block out nosy neighbours, pesky peepers and that shocking sunshine!»
«A couple people at the gym are spreading rumors about your rather sweaty workouts. In addition to a little antiperspirant, you should use the “Don’t Break a Sweat” option for a few hours during your next workout to improve your Athletic Skill.» → «A couple people at the gym are spreading rumours about your rather sweaty workouts. In addition to a little antiperspirant, you should use the “Don’t Break a Sweat” option for a few hours during your next workout to improve your Athletic Skill.»
«Catch a Tragic Clownfish and “Sell Clownfish” at the Theatre to earn some money.» → «Catch a Tragic Clownfish and “Sell Clownfish” at the Cinema to earn some money.»
«The best way for a Sim to learn the Mixology Skill is to purchase a Bar from the Buy Catalog and “Practice” making drinks. Sims without a Bar to practice on can read up on the assorted Mixology Skill books, or even take an official Mixology Class down at a local restaurant. Cheers!» → «The best way for a Sim to learn the Mixology Skill is to purchase a Bar from the Buy Catalogue and “Practice” making drinks. Sims without a Bar to practice on can read up on the assorted Mixology Skill books, or even take an official Mixology Class down at a local restaurant. Cheers!»
«To increase your Sim's Mixology Skill, continue practicing and making as many drinks as possible. Your Sim can even “Practice Making Drinks With…” a friend! However, at a certain point you will need to upgrade to a Professional Bar from the Buy Catalog to fully unleash your Sim's mixological potential!» → «To increase your Sim's Mixology Skill, continue practicing and making as many drinks as possible. Your Sim can even “Practice Making Drinks With…” a friend! However, at a certain point you will need to upgrade to a Professional Bar from the Buy Catalogue to fully unleash your Sim's mixological potential!»
«Nothing is more obnoxious than a bird flapping its wings a few inches out of reach.  Birds are much easier to deal with when they are firmly pinned beneath a cat's paws.  Your cat wants to Catch a Bird.» → «Nothing is more obnoxious than a bird flapping its wings a few centimetres out of reach. Birds are much easier to deal with when they are firmly pinned beneath a cat's paws. Your cat wants to Catch a Bird.»
«Sometimes, the long hours of studying and doing homework actually seem worth it. Being the class valedictorian is an honor to remember for the rest of one's life!» → «Sometimes, the long hours of studying and doing homework actually seem worth it. Being the class valedictorian is an honour to remember for the rest of one's life!»
«{2.SimName} just completed {MA.his}{FA.her} lifetime wish and became a Culinary Librarian. {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember being able to prepare the favorite dish of all {MA.his}{FA.her} favorite Sims.» → «{2.SimName} just completed {MA.his}{FA.her} lifetime wish and became a Culinary Librarian. {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember being able to prepare the favourite dish of all {MA.his}{FA.her} favourite Sims.»
«Congratulations, your food wowed the palettes of the judges and swept all the other contestants aside with superior flavor! You’ve earned this cash prize!» → «Congratulations, your food wowed the palettes of the judges and swept all the other contestants aside with superior flavour! You’ve earned this cash prize!»
«Lacking an opposable thumb, pets have some trouble with the tv remote.  Luckily, they're equally fascinated by all the channels!  Your pet wants to Watch TV.» → «Lacking an opposable thumb, pets have some trouble with the tv remote. Luckily, they're equally fascinated by all the channels! Your pet wants to Watch TV.»
«Localization Managers» → «Localisation Managers»
«Taking a quick look around, you find it hard to believe there could be a command center below this quaint home. But, there must be an entrance hidden around here somewhere.» → «Taking a quick look around, you find it hard to believe there could be a command centre below this quaint home. But, there must be an entrance hidden around here somewhere.»
«That’s right, friends, it’s an old fashioned Diatrode Crackler radio! It uses an extra-phosphorescent diatrode to bring you sound so clear you can make it out. All of your favorite music programs will sound like they’re being broadcast right into the room with you from somewhere far, far away. Never open the Diatrode Cracker!» → «That’s right, friends, it’s an old fashioned Diatrode Crackler radio! It uses an extra-phosphorescent diatrode to bring you sound so clear you can make it out. All of your favourite music programs will sound like they’re being broadcast right into the room with you from somewhere far, far away. Never open the Diatrode Cracker!»
«Attend Daycare Penalty Class ({1.Money})» → «Attend Nursery Penalty Class ({1.Money})»
«"Play for the Release Party"  at {OpTarget}.» → «"Play for the Release Party" at {OpTarget}.»
«{0.SimName} has a game in 1 hour. {0.SimName} needs to get to the Stadium quickly!» → «{0.SimName} has a match in 1 hour. {0.SimName} needs to get to the Stadium quickly!»
«Favorites and Voice» → «Favourites and Voice»
«{2.SimName} just rode a horse bareback for the first time!  Sans saddle--that's hardcore!» → «{2.SimName} just rode a horse bareback for the first time! Sans saddle—that's hardcore!»
«Do you know what this is?  This is the personal diary of Queen Hatshepsut!  You've done it!  It says right here the name of my ancestor and his incredible… uh… endurance.  This is the proof I have been searching for my entire life.  Thank you so much {1.SimFirstName}.  I hope you find your rewards to be worth it, as it is all I have!» → «Do you know what this is? This is the personal diary of Queen Hatshepsut! You've done it! It says right here the name of my ancestor and his incredible… uh… endurance. This is the proof I have been searching for my entire life. Thank you so much {1.SimFirstName}. I hope you find your rewards to be worth it, as it is all I have!»
«Diner Advertisement» → «Eatery Advertisement»
«The symphony is so romantic and wonderful, a buffet of sound for a Sim's ears. Your Sim dreams of seeing a symphony. Check the theatre on weekends to see if there is a symphony!» → «The symphony is so romantic and wonderful, a buffet of sound for a Sim's ears. Your Sim dreams of seeing a symphony. Check the cinema on weekends to see if there is a symphony!»
«People these days. Always worried about what so and so said about them. {OpTarget} is hiring me to quash a rumor that's floating around. I should interview {OpTarget} first for details.» → «People these days. Always worried about what so and so said about them. {OpTarget} is hiring me to quash a rumour that's floating around. I should interview {OpTarget} first for details.»
«As a Rock Star burn Sweet Grass in a Bonfire and WooHoo with a Sim at the Theater.» → «As a Rock Star burn Sweet Grass in a Bonfire and WooHoo with a Sim at the Cinema.»
«Work as Bouncer at the Theatre.» → «Work as Bouncer at the Cinema.»
« Masterful Localized Static Tester» → «Masterful Localised Static Tester»
«Sometimes humor is the best way to make your move. Your Sim thinks the flirtatious joke is the best way to go.» → «Sometimes humour is the best way to make your move. Your Sim thinks the flirtatious joke is the best way to go.»
«Overall GPA» → «Overall marks»
«Every Sim has a favorite subject, and your Sim wants to tell someone all about it!» → «Every Sim has a favourite subject, and your Sim wants to tell someone all about it!»
«The local Canine Covetor's Club just can't get enough of their dogs.  They have made it known that any pet owner with a dog can come by the local Dog Park and show off any tricks they know.  Prizes will be given out to participants showing off enough tricks.» → «The local Canine Covetor's Club just can't get enough of their dogs. They have made it known that any pet owner with a dog can come by the local Dog Park and show off any tricks they know. Prizes will be given out to participants showing off enough tricks.»
«Jumping Stars have won more than {0.Number} Advanced or International Show Jumping Competitions at the Equestrian Center. Their jumping fame makes them and their offspring far more valuable to horse buyers and breeders.» → «Jumping Stars have won more than {0.Number} Advanced or International Show Jumping Competitions at the Equestrian Centre. Their jumping fame makes them and their offspring far more valuable to horse buyers and breeders.»
«Any actions that your pet can be praised for can also be subject to a good scolding.  If you feel that your pet's behavior is unacceptable, scolding can make your pet acknowledge that it is behaving badly.  Eventually, your pet may even learn to rid itself of certain traits that encourage its bad behavior.» → «Any actions that your pet can be praised for can also be subject to a good scolding. If you feel that your pet's behavior is unacceptable, scolding can make your pet acknowledge that it is behaving badly. Eventually, your pet may even learn to rid itself of certain traits that encourage its bad behavior.»
«Certain actions that your pets perform can be reinforced through praise.  In doing so, your pet will begin to learn that its behavior is acceptable.  If behavior that is related to a specific trait is praised enough, your pet will eventually be trained to adopt that trait.» → «Certain actions that your pets perform can be reinforced through praise. In doing so, your pet will begin to learn that its behavior is acceptable. If behavior that is related to a specific trait is praised enough, your pet will eventually be trained to adopt that trait.»
«Pets behave in many different ways that certain Sims may or may not approve of.  Through reinforcement, you can shape the behavior of your pets over time.» → «Pets behave in many different ways that certain Sims may or may not approve of. Through reinforcement, you can shape the behavior of your pets over time.»
«For reasons unknown, gypsy wagons are mysteriously drawn to this park. Might as well get your fortune read while you’re here!» → «For reasons unknown, fortune wagons are mysteriously drawn to this park. Might as well get your fortune read while you’re here!»
«Congratulations. {0.SimName} is now a master at stalking prey.  As a reward it will now take {0.SimName} less time to find prey when stalking for prey.» → «Congratulations. {0.SimName} is now a master at stalking prey. As a reward it will now take {0.SimName} less time to find prey when stalking for prey.»
«Collect {0.Number} pets in the wild.  (Minor Pets Only)» → «Collect {0.Number} pets in the wild. (Minor Pets Only)»
«Daycare Dynamo» → «Nursery Dynamo»
«Daycare Specialist» → «Nursery Specialist»
«Gardening Vol. 2: Odor Free Fertilizer» → «Gardening Vol. 2: Odor Free Fertiliser»
«Samuel is a Goth, through and through. Although known as a hard-working, ambitious man, Samuel also has a bit of an insane streak. Most people attribute this streak to his sudden marriage to a woman much younger and poorer than he. Samuel hasn’t let his death from his favorite snack slow him down – he’s still as ambitious as ever. He likes to attend events around town to make sure people know that even though he’s less than corporeal, he’s still an important part of this town. He met Helen at a psychic convention, and the two quickly became very good friends. When Samuel learned Helen didn’t have a place to stay, he offered her a room, a little to the dismay of Olivia.» → «Samuel is a Goth, through and through. Although known as a hard-working, ambitious man, Samuel also has a bit of an insane streak. Most people attribute this streak to his sudden marriage to a woman much younger and poorer than he. Samuel hasn’t let his death from his favourite snack slow him down – he’s still as ambitious as ever. He likes to attend events around town to make sure people know that even though he’s less than corporeal, he’s still an important part of this town. He met Helen at a psychic convention, and the two quickly became very good friends. When Samuel learned Helen didn’t have a place to stay, he offered her a room, a little to the dismay of Olivia.»
«A favorite recipe of Bella Goth, complete with fresh fruit and golden brown waffles!» → «A favourite recipe of Bella Goth, complete with fresh fruit and golden brown waffles!»
«Specializing in second-run movies and classic cinema, this is a perfect place for local teenagers to take their dates (and, for the local criminals who own it, to launder their money).» → «Specialising in second-run movies and classic cinema, this is a perfect place for local teenagers to take their dates (and, for the local criminals who own it, to launder their money).»
«Grocery Store...» → «Supermarket...»
«Your publicist calls you to tell you that you missed your opportunity to really introduce yourself to the public. How are you going to get elected if no one recognizes you?» → «Your publicist calls you to tell you that you missed your opportunity to really introduce yourself to the public. How are you going to get elected if no one recognises you?»
«It was a sad day for all Llamas fans, as the Alphaville Alpacas put the Llamas through their paces and then went to work on them. Handing the Llamas a {1.Number}-{0.Number} loss, the Alpacas established themselves as a team to fear this season.» → «It was a sad day for all Llamas fans, as the Alphaville Alpacas put the Llamas through their paces and then went to work on them. Handing the Llamas a {1.Number}-{0.Number} loss, the Alpacas established themselves as a club to fear this season.»
«Once the Llamas got rolling, there was no turning back. With a solid win over the East Bay Pillagers, the Llamas solidified their role as the dominant team in the league once more. "I wouldn't call it a creaming," Pillagers coach Waylon Hogan responded. "Besides, it's a rebuilding year for us."» → «Once the Llamas got rolling, there was no turning back. With a solid win over the East Bay Pillagers, the Llamas solidified their role as the dominant club in the league once more. "I wouldn't call it a creaming," Pillagers coach Waylon Hogan responded. "Besides, it's a rebuilding year for us."»
«It was a tough one to lose," Llama head coach Hower said after the game, "because for a while there, we really did have a good chance of winning it."  Despite a valient late effort, the underdog Llamas were defeated by the powerhouse Simtropolis Snakes. Asked what was next, Hower replied, "We just go back to work, just like we do after every game.» → «It was a tough one to lose," Llama manager Hower said after the match, "because for a while there, we really did have a good chance of winning it." Despite a valient late effort, the underdog Llamas were defeated by the powerhouse Simtropolis Snakes. Asked what was next, Hower replied, "We just go back to work, just like we do after every match.»
«With multiple mistakes on both sides of the field, the Llamas managed to make fewer mistakes and stumble away with a win over the Betatown Broncos. "It wasn't my best day," said team captain Rick Vicuna, "but luckily, it wasn't theirs either."» → «With multiple mistakes on both sides of the pitch, the Llamas managed to make fewer mistakes and stumble away with a win over the Betatown Broncos. "It wasn't my best day," said team captain Rick Vicuna, "but luckily, it wasn't theirs either."»
«How do you beat a hot team on a win streak?  Ask the Llamas. They did just that when they secured a critical victory over the Alphaville Alpacas, {0.Number} to {1.Number} to clinch a playoff spot.» → «How do you beat a hot team on a win streak? Ask the Llamas. They did just that when they secured a critical victory over the Alphaville Alpacas, {0.Number} to {1.Number} to get in contention for the title.»
«In an offensive shootout that saw the Llamas on the wrong end of a few late-game rallies, the Betatown Broncos managed to turn some fourth quarter heroics into a surprise victory over the hometown favorites. The final score: {1.Number} to {0.Number}.» → «In an offensive shootout that saw the Llamas on the wrong end of a few late-match rallies, the Betatown Broncos managed to turn some second half heroics into a surprise victory over the hometown favourites. The final score: {1.Number} to {0.Number}.»
«The Llamas took the lead early and never let it go, keeping the favored Finnburgh Falcons on the defensive most of the game. With a {0.Number} to {1.Number} victory over the highly touted Falcons, the Llamas are feeling confident going into their next game.» → «The Llamas took the lead early and never let it go, keeping the favored Finnburgh Falcons on the defence most of the match. With a {0.Number} to {1.Number} victory over the highly touted Falcons, the Llamas are feeling confident going into their next match.»
«The Llamas couldn't seem to get anything started yesterday, as the Emerville Emus defense dominated the day. "We knew it was going to be a tough game," said head coach Hower, "but we just weren't prepared for the strength and speed that the Emus threw at us today."» → «The Llamas couldn't seem to get anything started yesterday, as the Emerville Emus defence dominated the day. "We knew it was going to be a tough match," said head coach Hower, "but we just weren't prepared for the strength and speed that the Emus threw at us today."»
«"It was no contest," said Llama head coach Hower of yesterday's game against the East Bay Pillagers. "We didn't want to go in overconfident, but getting the shutout was a pleasant surprise." The Llamas attacked early and never relented, leading to a {0.Number} to nothing beating.» → «"It was no contest," said Llama head coach Hower of yesterday's match against the East Bay Pillagers. "We didn't want to go in overconfident, but keeping the goal clean was a pleasant surprise." The Llamas attacked early and never relented, leading to a {0.Number} to nothing beating.»
«Yesterday's game was one for the record books and kept many loyal Llama fans up much later than they were expecting. The second longest game ever, the Llamas and Alpacas were officially awarded a tie after almost six and a half hours of play.» → «Yesterday's match was one for the record books and kept many loyal Llama fans up much later than they were expecting. The second longest match ever, the Llamas and Alpacas were officially awarded a tie after almost six and a half hours of play.»
«When I think of my most recent relationship and how it ended, it makes me sad. I have so many memories and all I really want to do is wipe the slate clean. The first thing I need is a new wardrobe. The clothes I’m wearing serve as a constant reminder of the things we did together.» → «When I think of my most recent relationship and how it ended, it makes me sad. I have so many memories and all I really want to do is wipe the slate clean. The first thing I need is a new wardrobe. The clothes I’m wearing serve as a constant reminder of the things we did together.»
«A Fairy is projecting an Aura and {0.SimFirstName}  feels stronger and {MA.his}{FA.her} mind is totally clear! {0.SimFirstName} won’t have any problem improving {MA.his}{FA.her} logic, charisma, and athletic abilities.» → «A Fairy is projecting an Aura and {0.SimFirstName} feels stronger and {MA.his}{FA.her} mind is totally clear! {0.SimFirstName} won’t have any problem improving {MA.his}{FA.her} logic, charisma, and athletic abilities.»
«Burglars must perfect their sneaking skills to properly liberate imprisoned items from the homes of neighbors. Burglars like to keep the skill in the family, so their children are able to sneak about like a pro at birth.» → «Burglars must perfect their sneaking skills to properly liberate imprisoned items from the homes of neighbours. Burglars like to keep the skill in the family, so their children are able to sneak about like a pro at birth.»
«This is great news!  It doesn't matter that we never found those 3 Great Relics when we have a steady income stream coming in.  You've helped MorcuCorp a great deal and you will not be forgotten! {1.SimFirstName} has earned some Ancient Coins and renown in Egypt.» → «This is great news! It doesn't matter that we never found those 3 Great Relics when we have a steady income stream coming in. You've helped MorcuCorp a great deal and you will not be forgotten! {1.SimFirstName} has earned some Ancient Coins and renown in Egypt.»
«Randomize Coat» → «Randomise Coat»
«This beautiful portrait depicts one of Moonlight Falls' earliest residents, the mysterious Fairy “Midnight” Madeline Everglow. She was known in town for her generous spirit and fondness for all Sims, supernatural and human alike. However, rumors lingered that when the sun went down she transformed into a different person entirely, and the nickname of Midnight Maddy followed her to her final day.» → «This beautiful portrait depicts one of Moonlight Falls' earliest residents, the mysterious Fairy “Midnight” Madeline Everglow. She was known in town for her generous spirit and fondness for all Sims, supernatural and human alike. However, rumours lingered that when the sun went down she transformed into a different person entirely, and the nickname of Midnight Maddy followed her to her final day.»
«That horse granola really hit the spot!  With gourmet meals like that, {0.SimFirstName} may be able to live a longer, healthier life.» → «That horse granola really hit the spot! With gourmet meals like that, {0.SimFirstName} may be able to live a longer, healthier life.»
«Kirstin has always been a trouble maker, and was even voted “Least Likely to Succeed” in school. All grown up, she prefers to make a career at the expense of others. Rumor is, the criminal underworld knows who to contact for any big heist in need of an excellent getaway driver. Kirstin is infatuated with Darren Lott, and is often a few steps behind wherever he goes. Kirstin is a top notch thief which keeps her well hidden, where most other stalkers would have long been discovered. She is still the main suspect for a string of art robberies a few years back, but no evidence has ever been found to link her to the crime.» → «Kirstin has always been a trouble maker, and was even voted “Least Likely to Succeed” in school. All grown up, she prefers to make a career at the expense of others. Rumour is, the criminal underworld knows who to contact for any big heist in need of an excellent getaway driver. Kirstin is infatuated with Darren Lott, and is often a few steps behind wherever he goes. Kirstin is a top notch thief which keeps her well hidden, where most other stalkers would have long been discovered. She is still the main suspect for a string of art robberies a few years back, but no evidence has ever been found to link her to the crime.»
«Congratulations! {0.SimFirstName} has won all three types of Equestrian Center competitions and achieved the Rider of Legends Skill Challenge!\n\nCheck {0.SimFirstName}'s Skill Journal for information about the reward.» → «Congratulations! {0.SimFirstName} has won all three types of Equestrian Centre competitions and achieved the Rider of Legends Skill Challenge!\n\nCheck {0.SimFirstName}'s Skill Journal for information about the reward.»
«Custom Color» → «Custom Colour»
«Get on the Honor Roll to earn a cash reward.» → «Get on the Honour Roll to earn a cash reward.»
«Sonoko met Mitch at a mutual friend’s house party and was instantly impressed with his extensive knowledge of the music playing on the jukebox . A whirlwind romance quickly led to marriage. Coming from a good middle-class family, Sonoko is accustomed to a certain level of life’s comforts, and is now plagued with worry since Mitch quit his job to freelance as a DJ. She found his hobby charming when he was freelancing at night and working a respectable job during the day, but  Sonoko is convinced that there is no way for Mitch to actually succeed in this wild plan to make it big.» → «Sonoko met Mitch at a mutual friend’s house party and was instantly impressed with his extensive knowledge of the music playing on the jukebox. A whirlwind romance quickly led to marriage. Coming from a good middle-class family, Sonoko is accustomed to a certain level of life’s comforts, and is now plagued with worry since Mitch quit his job to freelance as a DJ. She found his hobby charming when he was freelancing at night and working a respectable job during the day, but Sonoko is convinced that there is no way for Mitch to actually succeed in this wild plan to make it big.»
«We're committed to bringing your favorite sights and smells to your home in every way. It's time for home furnishings to be fried – country fried! What looks like paint to the untrained eye is really a decorative batter. It's delicious and reasonably priced!» → «We're committed to bringing your favourite sights and smells to your home in every way. It's time for home furnishings to be fried – country fried! What looks like paint to the untrained eye is really a decorative batter. It's delicious and reasonably priced!»
«Your Sim wants to WooHoo in the gypsy caravan… just like the old gypsy SAID it would happen!!!» → «Your Sim wants to WooHoo in the fortune caravan… just like the old person SAID it would happen!!!»
«A Vampire, Ghost, and Werewolf all living under one roof? And, what’s more, they’re all best friends! These three Supernaturals are loving life and are excited to be in their new home in Moonlight Falls. Will their human neighbors be accepting of the three roommates or will they have to depend on each other for friendship?» → «A Vampire, Ghost, and Werewolf all living under one roof? And, what’s more, they’re all best friends! These three Supernaturals are loving life and are excited to be in their new home in Moonlight Falls. Will their human neighbours be accepting of the three roommates or will they have to depend on each other for friendship?»
«All that running and jumping can easily exhaust a horse.  A good night's sleep, or even a quick nap can easily get your horse back on its feet and ready to go!» → «All that running and jumping can easily exhaust a horse. A good night's sleep, or even a quick nap can easily get your horse back on its feet and ready to go!»
«In Edit Town, you can now decorate your neighborhood with world objects!» → «In Edit Town, you can now decorate your neighbourhood with world objects!»
«The local Hangout is a great place to socialize with other Sims and kick back for a fun time.» → «The local Hangout is a great place to socialise with other Sims and kick back for a fun time.»
«{0.String} just won Best of Show at the SimFest! The award is in the mail.» → «{0.String} just won Best of Show at the SimFest! The award is in the post.»
«There’s a big game coming up, and the Team Mascot just blew a knee out!  Can you step in and keep a crowd of thousands entertained and yelling like banshees?» → «There’s a big match coming up, and the Team Mascot just blew a knee out! Can you step in and keep a crowd of thousands entertained and yelling like banshees?»
«Favorite Medium: {0.String}» → «Favourite Medium: {0.String}»
«A Slither Stalker has caught {0.Number} reptiles.  As a reward lizards, snakes, and turtles will always succesfully be caught.» → «A Slither Stalker has caught {0.Number} reptiles. As a reward lizards, snakes, and turtles will always succesfully be caught.»
«Here we see the legendary Rutherford Scott Boshentoffer. He was widely respected for his oddly-shaped head, which he covered with a tall hat so as not to frighten children, and his bionic “eye” that could fire powerful lasers at will. Always a gentleman, Rutherford would often aid his friends and neighbors by helping to carry the shopping, sharing one of his many jokes, or vaporizing large rats.» → «Here we see the legendary Rutherford Scott Boshentoffer. He was widely respected for his oddly-shaped head, which he covered with a tall hat so as not to frighten children, and his bionic “eye” that could fire powerful lasers at will. Always a gentleman, Rutherford would often aid his friends and neighbours by helping to carry the shopping, sharing one of his many jokes, or vaporising large rats.»
«Ace's clothes cause people to often accuse him for being color blind. What they don't see is that his strange and peculiar fashion sense is the inspiration for many of the city's cutting edge clothing trends.» → «Ace's clothes cause people to often accuse him for being colourblind. What they don't see is that his strange and peculiar fashion sense is the inspiration for many of the city's cutting edge clothing trends.»
«The Future can only be altered while in your home neighborhood.» → «The Future can only be altered while in your home neighbourhood.»
«{2.SimFirstName} has won a SimFest at a Live Show Venue! {MA.He}{FA.She} couldn't be more thrilled or honored!» → «{2.SimFirstName} has won a SimFest at a Live Show Venue! {MA.He}{FA.She} couldn't be more thrilled or honoured!»
«Argyle Sinclair sat alone on the stage at the Theatre and heaped derision and scorn upon your formerly good name. You should make an appearance at the competition next time!» → «Argyle Sinclair sat alone on the stage at the Cinema and heaped derision and scorn upon your formerly good name. You should make an appearance at the competition next time!»
«Dennis' ambition was what always made him the favorite son of his father, much to the chagrin of his siblings. How will he do running the family business now that his father has stepped down?» → «Dennis' ambition was what always made him the favourite son of his father, much to the chagrin of his siblings. How will he do running the family business now that his father has stepped down?»
«Yellow is the color of sunshine, sand, and cowards.» → «Yellow is the colour of sunshine, sand, and cowards.»
«This exciting new pedestal by Pedestal Warehouse refines thousands of years of pedestal design into one great looking pedestal that looks good in any room of the house. And it’s not only stylish – it’ll hold stuff too! Whether  you have an expensive sculpture or just a cheapo trinket , it’ll gain a few style points sitting atop this pedestal.» → «This exciting new pedestal by Pedestal Warehouse refines thousands of years of pedestal design into one great looking pedestal that looks good in any room of the house. And it’s not only stylish – it’ll hold stuff too! Whether you have an expensive sculpture or just a cheapo trinket , it’ll gain a few style points sitting atop this pedestal.»
«Slated for demolition during bridge construction, The Off Ramp was spared by a last minute design change.  Since all of the residents had vacated, this building is now especially young and hip.» → «Slated for demolition during bridge construction, The Off Ramp was spared by a last minute design change. Since all of the residents had vacated, this building is now especially young and hip.»
«There's currently a meteor en route to your house!  Are you sure you want to save in this situation?» → «There's currently a meteor en route to your house! Are you sure you want to save in this situation?»
«A Dive Bar may not be the classiest or most elegant venue to spend the night, but the drinks are cheap and the company's good, so what more could a Sim ask for!» → «A Corner Pub may not be the classiest or most elegant venue to spend the night, but the drinks are cheap and the company's good, so what more could a Sim ask for!»
«Once a Fairy has earned enough Lifetime Happiness, they can seize this opportunity and become King or Queen of the Fae. With this newly acquired reward, the Fairy can summon other members of their troop while also having the option to manipulate their wing shape and color.» → «Once a Fairy has earned enough Lifetime Happiness, they can seize this opportunity and become King or Queen of the Fae. With this newly acquired reward, the Fairy can summon other members of their troop while also having the option to manipulate their wing shape and colour.»
«How do you expect a bake sale to be successful without your delicious baked cookies? The School may crumble now without the satisfying chew of your fresh cookies. Bake on time in the future!» → «How do you expect a bake sale to be successful without your delicious baked biscuits? The School may crumble now without the satisfying chew of your fresh biscuits. Bake on time in the future!»
«Horticulture Success! {0.SimName} successfully strengthened  the genetic code of the {1.String} and increased its quality to {2.String}!» → «Horticulture Success! {0.SimName} successfully strengthened the genetic code of the {1.String} and increased its quality to {2.String}!»
«{0.SimFirstName} hasn't been getting enough attention lately.  Pets need social interaction to develop properly!  If this neglect continues, a social worker will be forced to take away all of the pets in the household.» → «{0.SimFirstName} hasn't been getting enough attention lately. Pets need social interaction to develop properly! If this neglect continues, a social worker will be forced to take away all of the pets in the household.»
«With a bright sense of humor and a will of steel, Valerie Mannin is the affectionate face of the Mannin family. She and Connell understand each other without even speaking.» → «With a bright sense of humor and a will of steel, Valérie Mannin is the affectionate face of the Mannin family. She and Connell understand each other without even speaking.»
«Twinbrook Community Swim Center» → «Twinbrook Community Swim Centre»
«{1.SimName} experiences a sudden transformation from Blue Dew used by {0.SimName}. One might  might say {MB.he's}{FB.she's} been Blue’d.» → «{1.SimName} experiences a sudden transformation from Blue Dew used by {0.SimName}. One might might say {MB.he's}{FB.she's} been Blue’d.»
«Analyze DNA» → «Analyse DNA»
«Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with a "D" in Communications, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 1 of the Journalism, Political, and Fortune Telling careers and earn slightly more money than if {MA.he}{FA.she} didn't have the degree. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload Resume now.» → «Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with a "D" in Communications, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 1 of the Journalism, Political, and Fortune Telling careers and earn slightly more money than if {MA.he}{FA.she} didn't have the degree. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload CV now.»
«Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with an "A" in Communications, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 4 of the Journalism, Political, and Fortune Telling careers and earn the highest possible starting salary. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload Resume now.» → «Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with an "A" in Communications, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 4 of the Journalism, Political, and Fortune Telling careers and earn the highest possible starting salary. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload CV now.»
«Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with a "B" in Communications, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 3 of the Journalism, Political, and Fortune Telling careers and earn a much higher salary than if {MA.he}{FA.she} didn't have the degree. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload Resume now.» → «Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with a "B" in Communications, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 3 of the Journalism, Political, and Fortune Telling careers and earn a much higher salary than if {MA.he}{FA.she} didn't have the degree. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload CV now.»
«Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with a "C" in Communications, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 2 of the Journalism, Political, and Fortune Telling careers and earn significantly more money than if {MA.he}{FA.she} didn't have the degree. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload Resume now.» → «Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with a "C" in Communications, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 2 of the Journalism, Political, and Fortune Telling careers and earn significantly more money than if {MA.he}{FA.she} didn't have the degree. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload CV now.»
«The sun is oppressive and ruinous for Vampires. The daylight will scorch a Vampire's lovely skin and neutralize their powers.» → «The sun is oppressive and ruinous for Vampires. The daylight will scorch a Vampire's lovely skin and neutralise their powers.»
«The piece is a success!  It will look marvelous in the new annex and everyone will know who made it by the sheer quality of the piece.» → «The piece is a success! It will look marvelous in the new annex and everyone will know who made it by the sheer quality of the piece.»
«This fantastical mushroom is a favorite of Alice and the caterpillar.» → «This fantastical mushroom is a favourite of Alice and the caterpillar.»
«Elephant Terrorized by Mice, by Artificial Cannon Co.» → «Elephant Terrorised by Mice, by Artificial Cannon Co.»
«Analyze Space Rock» → «Analyse Space Rock»
«Your Sim just realized that the wardrobe could probably hold two people, so naturally…» → «Your Sim just realised that the wardrobe could probably hold two people, so naturally…»
«See a Play or Concert at the Theatre» → «See a Play or Concert at the Cinema»
«Huge Success!  {0.SimFirstName} collected {1.Money} for her campaign warchest!  This spectacular performance is sure to put {0.SimFirstName}'s opponents on the defensive.» → «Huge Success! {0.SimFirstName} collected {1.Money} for her campaign warchest! This spectacular performance is sure to put {0.SimFirstName}'s opponents on the defensive.»
«My favorite article of clothing is a great pair of shoes! That is why I'm going out of my way to pay you to style my feet.» → «My favourite article of clothing is a great pair of shoes! That is why I'm going out of my way to pay you to style my feet.»
«Round Modern Column Three Story» → «Round Modern Column Three-Floor»
«Master Tracks can be learned by completing Skill Challenges or  mastering an Instrument Skill. The Skill Journal can be used to track overall progress, what compositions have been learned, and information about Skill Challenges.» → «Master Tracks can be learned by completing Skill Challenges or mastering an Instrument Skill. The Skill Journal can be used to track overall progress, what compositions have been learned, and information about Skill Challenges.»
«Localization Supervisors» → «Localisation Supervisors»
«Your client had a breakthrough game, and now everyone wants to know how you found this under the radar athlete! Visit the {OpTarget} for a post-game interview and shock the sports world.» → «Your client had a breakthrough match, and now everyone wants to know how you found this under the radar athlete! Visit the {OpTarget} for a post-match interview and shock the sports world.»
«This is most fascinating.  There are hints of another place where these secret trysts took place.  I will figure this out quickly now that I know what I'm looking for.  For {2.String} though I only have one hope left, online dating.  I've already set up a profile online, all we need now is a picture of {2.String}.  Do this and deliver it to {2.String} and we will just have to hope for the best.» → «This is most fascinating. There are hints of another place where these secret trysts took place. I will figure this out quickly now that I know what I'm looking for. For {2.String} though I only have one hope left, online dating. I've already set up a profile online, all we need now is a picture of {2.String}. Do this and deliver it to {2.String} and we will just have to hope for the best.»
«Bring a little romance into the halls of your manor with this attractive shell sconce. Twin candles provide plenty of light and offer a pleasing balance to the overall design without compromising your view of the shell centerpiece. Both candles are made with real dragon’s wax so you’ll never have to replace them!» → «Bring a little romance into the halls of your manor with this attractive shell sconce. Twin candles provide plenty of light and offer a pleasing balance to the overall design without compromising your view of the shell centrepiece. Both candles are made with real dragon’s wax so you’ll never have to replace them!»
«Touching anything in here could lead to disaster!  {0.SimFirstName} is far too horrified to risk touching something in here, who knows what could happen! Take some time off outside or back in a safe area, and wait for {0.SimFirstName}'s Fear moodlet to go away!» → «Touching anything in here could lead to disaster! {0.SimFirstName} is far too horrified to risk touching something in here, who knows what could happen! Take some time off outside or back in a safe area, and wait for {0.SimFirstName}'s Fear moodlet to go away!»
«{0.SimFirstName}'s patient has a big head, a really big head. It must be Bloatyheaditis!  Of course, he also just came from an area where a severe helium balloon accident recently occurred and it could be just an acute case of Cartoongasitis. Which one does {0.SimFirstName} think it is?» → «{0.SimFirstName}'s patient has a big head, a really big head. It must be Bloatyheaditis! Of course, he also just came from an area where a severe helium balloon accident recently occurred and it could be just an acute case of Cartoongasitis. Which one does {0.SimFirstName} think it is?»
«{2.SimName} has just won an Advanced Racing competition. {MA.He}{FA.She}'ll always remember the hard work and dedication it took to make it to this racing milestone.» → «{2.SimName} has just won an Advanced Racing competition. {MA.He}{FA.She}'ll always remember the hard work and dedication it took to make it to this racing milestone.»
«{OpSource} thinks the foul call during the last game was entirely bogus. {OpSourceFirstName} claims the call was more bogus than a unicorn, but nobody will investigate the call. I should start by watching the instant replay at the stadium.» → «{OpSource} thinks the foul call during the previous match was entirely bogus. {OpSourceFirstName} claims the call was more bogus than a unicorn, but nobody will investigate the call. I should start by watching the instant replay at the stadium.»
«The Neuman Association for Mechanical Excellence \n hereby recognizes \n {0.SimName} \n as having achieved exceptional levels of technical skill and general handiness. \n \n Awarded: {DateAndTime}, Witnessing Officer: J P Dolan» → «The Neuman Association for Mechanical Excellence \n hereby recognises \n {0.SimName} \n as having achieved exceptional levels of technical skill and general handiness. \n \n Awarded: {DateAndTime}, Witnessing Officer: J P Dolan»
«Watching a Game (Home: {0.Number} - Away: {1.Number})» → «Watching a Match (Home: {0.Number} - Away: {1.Number})»
«Lieutenant» → «Chief Inspector»
«{0.SimFirstName} just got a letter in the mail from {1.SimName}! It reads: "I love you so much, but I can't tell you in person."» → «{0.SimFirstName} just got a letter in the post from {1.SimName}! It reads: "I love you so much, but I can't tell you in person."»
«Thanks! I hadn't heard of that store before.  I'd love to check it out!» → «Thanks! I hadn't heard of that store before. I'd love to check it out!»
« Diagonal Gable Roof» → «Diagonal Gable Roof»
«That lot looks great!  Feel free to continue looking at different lots or start playing right now.» → «That lot looks great! Feel free to continue looking at different lots or start playing right now.»
«Selected Color» → «Selected Colour»
«Now that {0.SimFirstName} can tell a chisel from a hammer, {MA.he}{FA.she} is ready to take on the sturdy and beautiful world of Wood sculpting.» → «Now that {0.SimFirstName} can tell a chisel from a hammer, {MA.he}{FA.she} is ready to take on the sturdy and beautiful world of Wood sculpting.»
«With hours of toil and practice in front of the station, {0.SimFirstName} has really started to make some breathtaking pieces of art.  {MA.He}{FA.She} now has a chance of producing Brilliant sculptures that are worth more!» → «With hours of toil and practice in front of the station, {0.SimFirstName} has really started to make some breathtaking pieces of art. {MA.He}{FA.She} now has a chance of producing Brilliant sculptures that are worth more!»
«Every sculptor strives for this moment when they began to breathe a new life into their work... with sedentary subjects behind them, they move into the realm of sculpting the human form.  {0.SimFirstName} can now get other Sims to pose as {MA.he}{FA.she} makes a stunning, crystal clear replica of them.  Nothing says 'accomplished' like a life-sized Ice Sim Sculpture!» → «Every sculptor strives for this moment when they began to breathe a new life into their work... with sedentary subjects behind them, they move into the realm of sculpting the human form. {0.SimFirstName} can now get other Sims to pose as {MA.he}{FA.she} makes a stunning, crystal clear replica of them. Nothing says 'accomplished' like a life-sized Ice Sim Sculpture!»
«{0.SimFirstName} has become quite formidable with the usual sculpting tools but has been eager to try the powerful chainsaw! It's just as well, as {MA.he}{FA.she} is ready to get started with the beautiful, transcendental medium of ice!  A chilly new world awaits...» → «{0.SimFirstName} has become quite formidable with the usual sculpting tools but has been eager to try the powerful chainsaw! It's just as well, as {MA.he}{FA.she} is ready to get started with the beautiful, transcendental medium of ice! A chilly new world awaits...»
«All the sacrifices borne for this craft were worth it!  {0.SimFirstName} has reached the top and is quite deserving of wealth and fame.  The way to that wealth is by producing Masterpiece sculptures which {MA.he}{FA.she} has a good chance of doing at this level.  Masterpieces sculptures are highly prized and sell for a good chunk of Simoleons.» → «All the sacrifices borne for this craft were worth it! {0.SimFirstName} has reached the top and is quite deserving of wealth and fame. The way to that wealth is by producing Masterpiece sculptures which {MA.he}{FA.she} has a good chance of doing at this level. Masterpieces sculptures are highly prized and sell for a good chunk of Simoleons.»
«Some consider it the most polished and presentable of all sculpture media and only the truly skilled artist dares to work with it's seemingly fragile surface.  {0.SimFirstName} has proven {MA.his}{FA.her} ability and can now sculpt with the hardest medium of all: stone.» → «Some consider it the most polished and presentable of all sculpture media and only the truly skilled artist dares to work with it's seemingly fragile surface. {0.SimFirstName} has proven {MA.his}{FA.her} ability and can now sculpt with the hardest medium of all: stone.»
«Sims in a group will stick together when traveling to bars and other venues. Group members will follow your Sim when they travel to other locations. Look for special group interactions on certain buildings, such as the Theater, Stadium, or Day Spa.» → «Sims in a group will stick together when traveling to bars and other venues. Group members will follow your Sim when they travel to other locations. Look for special group interactions on certain buildings, such as the Cinema, Stadium, or Day Spa.»
«Eureka! {2.SimName} has just accomplished what most great Alchemists can only hope to achieve! {MA.He}{FA.She} has successfully transformed an everyday object into pure gold! {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember the day when {MA.he}{FA.she} first realized that swimming in a pool filled with golden bricks might not be so far off after all.» → «Eureka! {2.SimName} has just accomplished what most great Alchemists can only hope to achieve! {MA.He}{FA.She} has successfully transformed an everyday object into pure gold! {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember the day when {MA.he}{FA.she} first realised that swimming in a pool filled with golden bricks might not be so far off after all.»
«There’s a .02 percent chance that these lottery numbers will win you anything.» → «There’s an 0.02% chance that these lottery numbers will win you anything.»
«Neighborhood Hero» → «Neighbourhood Hero»
«It’s everyone’s favorite festive gourd, the pumpkin! It’s delightfully seasonal flavor is used in darn near everything once autumn rolls around. They are carved into frightening or funny jack-o-lanterns and put on display. There are even bizarre cults who wait all night in the most sincere-looking pumpkin patches hoping to catch a glimpse of their pumpkin messiah.» → «It’s everyone’s favorite festive gourd, the pumpkin! It’s delightfully seasonal flavour is used in darn near everything once autumn rolls around. They are carved into frightening or funny jack-o-lanterns and put on display. There are even bizarre cults who wait all night in the most sincere-looking pumpkin patches hoping to catch a glimpse of their pumpkin messiah.»
«When you're on a budget and need to entertain, resourcefulness is key. Not only economical, these stacked suitcases make a unique centerpiece to any living room.» → «When you're on a budget and need to entertain, resourcefulness is key. Not only economical, these stacked suitcases make a unique centrepiece to any living room.»
«I hate cases that begin this way. The burglary happened at night and the client didn't see a thing. Hopefully this neighborhood is full of nosy neighbors -- I should ask around to see if somebody saw something.» → «I hate cases that begin this way. The burglary happened at night and the client didn't see a thing. Hopefully this neighbourhood is full of nosy neighbours — I should ask around to see if somebody saw something.»
«{2.SimName} just achieved a Bottomless Nectar Cellar. {MA.He}{FA.She} will never forget the relief {MA.he}{FA.she} felt when {MA.he}{FA.she} realized {MA.he}{FA.she} had enough Nectar to last a lifetime!» → «{2.SimName} just achieved a Bottomless Nectar Cellar. {MA.He}{FA.She} will never forget the relief {MA.he}{FA.she} felt when {MA.he}{FA.she} realised {MA.he}{FA.she} had enough Nectar to last a lifetime!»
«My favorite color is {0.String}.» → «My favourite colour is {0.String}.»
«{0.Number} points?  Come on, you can do better than that!» → «{0.Number} points? Come on, you can do better than that!»
«Twinbrook Town Center» → «Twinbrook Town Centre»
«PlantSims love socializing with their own kind – plants! Not only will it give your PlantSim a great companion, but they’ll learn so much about their newfound friend.» → «PlantSims love socialising with their own kind – plants! Not only will it give your PlantSim a great companion, but they’ll learn so much about their newfound friend.»
«As a Sports Analyst, analyze statistics on a smart phone 6 times.» → «As a Sports Analyst, analyse statistics on a smart phone 6 times.»
«Ideal for students and adults alike, this end table features decorative decals and a storage space for drawers, books or up to twenty pounds of fresh Pacific shrimp.» → «Ideal for students and adults alike, this end table features decorative decals and a storage space for drawers, books or up to 8 kilograms of fresh Pacific shrimp.»
«Trouble at the hospital!  A runaway gurney loaded with chemicals just slammed into a room of defibrillators, and BOOM!  Go get the situation under control.» → «Trouble at the hospital! A runaway gurney loaded with chemicals just slammed into a room of defibrillators, and BOOM! Go get the situation under control.»
«Holy mortuary!  A pile of cadavers at the hospital collapsed through a wall and landed in the power generator, sending arcs of electricity everywhere!  Go stop it!» → «Holy mortuary! A pile of cadavers at the hospital collapsed through a wall and landed in the power generator, sending arcs of electricity everywhere! Go stop it!»
«Jeepers!  A scalpel landed in the fuse box of the FMRI machine at the hospital, and caused an electrical maelstrom.  Go help!» → «Jeepers! A scalpel landed in the fuse box of the FMRI machine at the hospital, and caused an electrical maelstrom. Go help!»
«Craig and Emily are high school sweethearts who just got married and are excited to spend their lives together! Recent transplants to the city after Emily’s job transfer, these two show aficionados are itching to make the most of the star-studded town. Will the distractions of the town overwhelm these two newlyweds, or will they settle down and start a family as they'd planned?» → «Craig and Emily are secondary school sweethearts who just got married and are excited to spend their lives together! Recent transplants to the city after Emily’s job transfer, these two show aficionados are itching to make the most of the star-studded town. Will the distractions of the town overwhelm these two newlyweds, or will they settle down and start a family as they'd planned?»
«The Vaughan Institute for Excellence in Writing \n hereby recognizes \n {0.SimName} \n as having exceptional and notable skills in the area of journalism and/or creative writing. \n \n Awarded: {DateAndTime}, Witnessing Officer: Mr. D. Hiatt» → «The Vaughan Institute for Excellence in Writing \n hereby recognises \n {0.SimName} \n as having exceptional and notable skills in the area of journalism and/or creative writing. \n \n Awarded: {DateAndTime}, Witnessing Officer: Mr. D. Hiatt»
«Well I’m fishing. Fishing is an awesome skill as it provides great food options for the cooks as well as cool looking fish to store in your fishbowl! Plus the bigger the fish you catch, the more respect from the fishing community you will gain!  Check all the ponds for some really interesting fish; the distant lakes will probably carry more rare fish.» → «Well I’m fishing. Fishing is an awesome skill as it provides great food options for the cooks as well as cool looking fish to store in your fishbowl! Plus the bigger the fish you catch, the more respect from the fishing community you will gain! Check all the ponds for some really interesting fish; the distant lakes will probably carry more rare fish.»
«76 Civic Center» → «76 Civic Centre»
«74 Civic Center» → «74 Civic Centre»
«78 Civic Center» → «78 Civic Centre»
«The Snake Terrarium is essential for any Sim who plans to own a snake, while providing plenty of room for it to slither around.  After all, a snake running loose in the house isn't necessarily safe!» → «The Snake Terrarium is essential for any Sim who plans to own a snake, while providing plenty of room for it to slither around. After all, a snake running loose in the house isn't necessarily safe!»
«Playing pool is almost as much fun as winning at pool, and the only thing better than beating one player is beating three players.» → «Playing snooker is almost as much fun as winning at snooker, and the only thing better than beating one player is beating three players.»
«You grilled so many times in the park that your friends and neighbors know you as the Community Griller.» → «You grilled so many times in the park that your friends and neighbours know you as the Community Griller.»
«Winning pool requires a good eye and a steady shot. Some Sims got it, some Sims do not.» → «Winning in snooker requires a good eye and a steady shot. Some Sims got it, some Sims do not.»
«Horn Colors» → «Horn Colours»
«Chili Cheese Fries» → «Chili Cheese Chips»
«Pranks are mischievous fun for children and teens alike! Your Sim is looking for trouble and wishes to Pull some Pranks. Look for a household object to Booby Trap, or pull a Prank at school or a neighbor's home.» → «Pranks are mischievous fun for children and teens alike! Your Sim is looking for trouble and wishes to Pull some Pranks. Look for a household object to Booby Trap, or pull a Prank at school or a neighbour's home.»
«A Llama Shutout!  Pillagers Go Down {0.Number}-0!» → «A Llama Shutout! Pillagers Go Down {0.Number}-0!»
«Tie?  Contest Ends at {0.Number} Each» → «Tie? Contest Ends at {0.Number} Each»
«Historic Governors' Mansion» → «Historic Minister's Mansion»
«{0.SimFirstName} has lost his last piece of {1.String} bait.  He is now fishing with no bait. He should choose new bait or go buy some more at the supermarket.» → «{0.SimFirstName} has lost his last piece of {1.String} bait. He is now fishing with no bait. He should choose new bait or go buy some more at the supermarket.»
«Once you get to know your neighbor, your interactions will change to say "Visit Bob" or "Visit Sally" depending on who you have met from that household.» → «Once you get to know your neighbour, your interactions will change to say "Visit Bob" or "Visit Sally" depending on who you have met from that household.»
«The Banquet Centerpiece» → «The Banquet Centrepiece»
«Running around the house is all well and good, but you're interested in one thing only, and that's to run around in the great outdoors!  Your dog wants to visit a dog park.» → «Running around the house is all well and good, but you're interested in one thing only, and that's to run around in the great outdoors! Your dog wants to visit a dog park.»
«Good gardeners fertilize plants with the best nature has to offer. Your Sim wants to fertilize a plant with some freshly caught fish.» → «Good gardeners Fertilise plants with the best nature has to offer. Your Sim wants to Fertilise a plant with some freshly caught fish.»
«Bring a serving of Excellent Crepes to the Restaurant to receive a payment.» → «Bring a serving of Excellent Crêpes to the Restaurant to receive a payment.»
«{0.SimFirstName}'s team lost the game with a final score of {2.Number} to {1.Number}.» → «{0.SimFirstName}'s team lost the match with a final score of {2.Number} to {1.Number}.»
«Go to Fraternity» → «Go to Men's College»
«{OpTarget} is a great stylist -- I'm sure you could get your questions answered there.» → «{OpTarget} is a great stylist — I'm sure you could get your questions answered there.»
«Juan Darer is a man of many mysteries… and talents. After losing his house to a fire, that may or may not have been caused by one of his many inventions, Juan decided to move into the barn next to the remains of his house. If he’s not rummaging through one of the town’s junkyards, you’ll find him here working on his next crazy piece of “art.”» → «Juan Darer is a man of many mysteries… and talents. After losing his house to a fire, that may or may not have been caused by one of his many inventions, Juan decided to move into the barn next to the remains of his house. If he’s not rummaging through one of the town’s scrapyards, you’ll find him here working on his next crazy piece of “art.”»
«Secret Bohemia presents the first coin-operated photo booth to include a simulated 1930s camera! Unlike a real 1930s camera, prints are delivered instantly and in living color. Now that’s progress!» → «Secret Bohemia presents the first coin-operated photo booth to include a simulated 1930s camera! Unlike a real 1930s camera, prints are delivered instantly and in living colour. Now that’s progress!»
«Your Sim's heart is melting at the sight of that lonely stray pet.  Your Sim wants to Greet a Stray Pet.» → «Your Sim's heart is melting at the sight of that lonely stray pet. Your Sim wants to Greet a Stray Pet.»
«Painted a Portrait  of {1.SimName}» → «Painted a Portrait of {1.SimName}»
«It's a hit! The patrons loved the way the sound of your music perfectly complemented the well-balanced flavors of the cuisine. The restaurant is quite pleased - enjoy the cash!» → «It's a hit! The patrons loved the way the sound of your music perfectly complemented the well-balanced flavours of the cuisine. The restaurant is quite pleased - enjoy the cash!»
«Just like Sims, horses need to go to the bathroom.  Providing your horse with a box stall to take care of its "business" should help avoid a messy environment.» → «Just like Sims, horses need to go to the bathroom. Providing your horse with a box stall to take care of its "business" should help avoid a messy environment.»
«Welcome to the Beginner Circuit, Newbie's Row, Amateur Hour.... It's time to show them that you can out ride an Ice Cream Truck with three flat tires! Your Sim wants to Enter a Beginner Racing Competition.» → «Welcome to the Beginner Tour, Newbie's Row, Amateur Hour.... It's time to show them that you can out ride an Ice Cream Van with three flat tires! Your Sim wants to Enter a Beginner Racing Competition.»
«Socialize with {1.SimFirstName}» → «Socialise with {1.SimFirstName}»
«While not as romantic as the rosey rose, over even the young rose, vivid roses give off a feeling of fun and humor.» → «While not as romantic as the rosey rose, over even the young rose, vivid roses give off a feeling of fun and humour.»
«Libronica opens a new chapter in book storage with their self-published shelving unit, "Book Cliff." Taking a page from spacial narrative of retail, face-outs are minimized to maximize spline density. Steel tubes act as the visual glue to hold the entire piece together. Destined to become a bestseller!» → «Libronica opens a new chapter in book storage with their self-published shelving unit, "Book Cliff." Taking a page from spacial narrative of retail, face-outs are minimised to maximize spline density. Steel tubes act as the visual glue to hold the entire piece together. Destined to become a bestseller!»
«Exploring a tomb for treasure is a thrilling and dangerous experience. Your Sim want to find some treasure in a tomb!» → «Exploring a tomb for treasure is a thrilling and dangerous experience. Your Sim wants to find some treasure in a tomb!»
«Your Sim wants to perform the "Shave and a Haircut" - a difficult pool table trick that will really show their talent. Plus, it will more than likely get the song stuck in someone's head, and that's always fun.» → «Your Sim wants to perform the "Shave and a Haircut" - a difficult snooker table trick that will really show their talent. Plus, it will more than likely get the song stuck in someone's head, and that's always fun.»
«A booming voice reverberates around the valley.  “He who wishes to enter the Sanctuary of Horus must first make worthy donations.  A relic of ancient times and gift from the stars would satiate the God of the Sky.”» → «A booming voice reverberates around the valley. “He who wishes to enter the Sanctuary of Horus must first make worthy donations. A relic of ancient times and gift from the stars would satiate the God of the Sky.”»
«Play Collegiate Sport» → «Play Varsity Sport»
«Volcanor Sulphorous Sink» → «Volcanor Sulphurous Sink»
«Honorable Flagpole» → «Honourable Flagpole»
«This heartwarming portrait of the Giraffe family was completed just days before Mother Giraffe was abducted by a traveling circus for her trapeze talents. Her career may be soaring, but her heart still longs for the family she had to leave behind.» → «This heartwarming portrait of the Giraffe family was completed just days before Mother Giraffe was abducted by a traveling circus for her trapeze talents. Her career may be soaring, but her heart still longs for the family she had to leave behind.»
«The Greenhorn’s Gate is modeled after the famous entryway new cowboys walk through after earning their spurs at the Double Eagle Cowboy College. Just don’t trip, spurs are sharp! Goes perfectly with the Stampede Stopper Fence.» → «The Greenhorn’s Gate is modeled after the famous entryway new cowboys walk through after earning their spurs at the Double Eagle Cowboy University. Just don’t trip, spurs are sharp! Goes perfectly with the Stampede Stopper Fence.»
«Losing that book was a terrible idea.  Hopefully {2.String} will let {1.SimFirstName} retrieve it again.» → «Losing that book was a terrible idea. Hopefully {2.String} will let {1.SimFirstName} retrieve it again.»
«Unfortunately, your photograph didn’t really stand out among the other entries.  The theatre sent out a nice e-mail thanking you for your participation.» → «Unfortunately, your photograph didn’t really stand out among the other entries. The theatre sent out a nice e-mail thanking you for your participation.»
«Without peer, {0.SimFirstName} is in charge.» → «Without peer, {0.SimFirstName} is in charge.\n\nYour on-field exploits and stats are the envy of every player in all leagues and the MVPs that plays any sport. You’re a Sports Legend! Every time you step onto the field thousands of camera shutters erupt, because every play of yours will make international headlines. You’re at the top of every sport that’s been created, and even some that haven’t.»
«Feel the pulse of the audience when you strum on this Iconic Jam Guitar. Modeled after the favorite guitar of legendary guitarist King Llama, the Iconic Jam Guitar is a flashy accessory that any rock star will enjoy.» → «Feel the pulse of the audience when you strum on this Iconic Jam Guitar. Modeled after the favourite guitar of legendary guitarist King Llama, the Iconic Jam Guitar is a flashy accessory that any rock star will enjoy.»
«I can't believe you're behaving this way on the job! Do it again and you're through.  I dare you.» → «I can't believe you're behaving this way on the job! Do it again and you're through. I dare you.»
«{0.SimFirstName} just completed a Brilliant painting!  It's valued at {1.Money}!» → «{0.SimFirstName} just completed a Brilliant painting! It's valued at {1.Money}!»
«This is my favorite class! I'm so glad you're taking it with me, {0.SimFirstName}.» → «This is my favourite class! I'm so glad you're taking it with me, {0.SimFirstName}.»
«"With this Emerald, you will be able to finally open the door to the tomb. If this is indeed the final resting place of Jean Necteaux, and if what I have read is true, his final resting place contains the original recipe for Nectar, rumored to be the greatest Nectar ever created.» → «"With this Emerald, you will be able to finally open the door to the tomb. If this is indeed the final resting place of Jean Necteaux, and if what I have read is true, his final resting place contains the original recipe for Nectar, rumoured to be the greatest Nectar ever created.»
«Barney's trash chute has been tested in a wind tunnel to ensure all trash thrown down it will reach terminal velocity in record time.» → «Barney's waste chute has been tested in a wind tunnel to ensure all waste thrown down it will reach terminal velocity in record time.»
«{0.SimFirstName} in Labor!» → «{0.SimFirstName} is in labour!»
«Valerie has her hands full as a single mom with two teenage sons and a full time career. Between work, family obligations, and her hobbies there is very little time for romance…but the heart wants what it wants, is a new relationship on the horizon?» → «Valérie has her hands full as a single mum with two teenage sons and a full time career. Between work, family obligations, and her hobbies there is very little time for romance…but the heart wants what it wants, is a new relationship on the horizon?»
«Splat! {0.SimName} has used Black Dew on {1.SimName}, turning {MB.him}{FB.her} into one of the many colors of the rainbow!» → «Splat! {0.SimName} has used Black Dew on {1.SimName}, turning {MB.him}{FB.her} into one of the many colours of the rainbow!»
«This home is perfect for the single Sim, or a couple just starting their family. The second room is perfect for an office and can easily convert to a second bedroom if the need arises. Sims will also love the grill in the backyard and the high-rise fence to keep snooping neighbors at bay.» → «This home is perfect for the single Sim, or a couple just starting their family. The second room is perfect for an office and can easily convert to a second bedroom if the need arises. Sims will also love the grill in the backyard and the high-rise fence to keep snooping neighbours at bay.»
«Nothing will brighten your pet's day like terrorizing someone with a fun chase.  Your pet wants to chase someone.» → «Nothing will brighten your pet's day like terrorising someone with a fun chase. Your pet wants to chase someone.»
«Wands are for amateurs!  Real witches can do magic with only their hands, and their spells never fail.» → «Wands are for amateurs! Real witches can do magic with only their hands, and their spells never fail.»
«{0.String} won a game at the stadium, and the whole town wants to congratulate her! Go tell her, for all of us, how special she is with a Sing-A-Gram!» → «{0.String} won a match at the stadium, and the whole town wants to congratulate her! Go tell her, for all of us, how special she is with a Sing-A-Gram!»
«As your Sim gains sculpting skill, they can work with different media.  Would you like to learn more about the Sculpting Station?» → «As your Sim gains sculpting skill, they can work with different media. Would you like to learn more about the Sculpting Station?»
«{0.SimFirstName}’s fingers may be a tad sore, but the calluses will heal and key replacements for keyboards are cheap. Keep typing away, and that masterpiece will be within {0.SimFirstName}’s verbose grasp!\n\n{0.SimFirstName} now possesses the touch to pen Humor Novels. The neighborhood can always use a little more funny.» → «{0.SimFirstName}’s fingers may be a tad sore, but the calluses will heal and key replacements for keyboards are cheap. Keep typing away, and that masterpiece will be within {0.SimFirstName}’s verbose grasp!\n\n{0.SimFirstName} now possesses the touch to pen Humour Novels. The neighbourhood can always use a little more funny.»
«Allegedly built on top of a spring from which all who drank of the waters would find true love, the Simerset has fallen into disrepair.  Optimistic sims still come here searching for their hearts desire…and some still find it.» → «Allegedly built on top of a spring from which all who drank of the waters would find true love, the Simerset has fallen into disrepair. Optimistic sims still come here searching for their hearts desire…and some still find it.»
«{0.SimName} just spent an hour studying what {MA.he}{FA.she} thought was a medicinal herb before realizing it was actually poison ivy. Looks like there won't be any breakthroughs today...» → «{0.SimName} just spent an hour studying what {MA.he}{FA.she} thought was a medicinal herb before realising it was actually poison ivy. Looks like there won't be any breakthroughs today...»
«Cozy Counter» → «Cosy Counter»
«Set Treasure Chest Info.  Currently set to: {0.String}» → «Set Treasure Chest Info. Currently set to: {0.String}»
«Blue Sky Movie Theater» → «Blue Sky Movie Cinema»
«Ah, it is as I feared.  But perhaps this will present an opportunity?  Anyway, the documents have been deciphered and it's time to send you into the fire.  Unfortunately for you, that is not a euphemism.  MorcuCorp is interested in a strain of Flame Fruits that grow in the Tomb of the Burning Sands.  I believe they plan to use it to help develop some kind of post-Atomic propulsion drive.  Use this key to enter the tomb and gather some of these Fruits.  It's bound to be hot in there so you might want to bring some Shower In A Can.» → «Ah, it is as I feared. But perhaps this will present an opportunity? Anyway, the documents have been deciphered and it's time to send you into the fire. Unfortunately for you, that is not a euphemism. MorcuCorp is interested in a strain of Flame Fruits that grow in the Tomb of the Burning Sands. I believe they plan to use it to help develop some kind of post-Atomic propulsion drive. Use this key to enter the tomb and gather some of these Fruits. It's bound to be hot in there so you might want to bring some Shower In A Can.»
«A Crystal Plant filled with Laughter can bring merriment to any Sim. Charge it up with jokes, humorous anecdotes and witty puns!» → «A Crystal Plant filled with Laughter can bring merriment to any Sim. Charge it up with jokes, humourous anecdotes and witty puns!»
«Fool!  You are no warrior.  You will not be able to overcome my traps.  I look forward to meeting your ghost!» → «Fool! You are no warrior. You will not be able to overcome my traps. I look forward to meeting your ghost!»
«Congratulations! {0.SimFirstName} has won enough Equestrian Center competitions to earn the title of Champion Racehorse!\n\nCheck {0.SimFirstName}'s Skill Journal for information about the reward.» → «Congratulations! {0.SimFirstName} has won enough Equestrian Centre competitions to earn the title of Champion Racehorse!\n\nCheck {0.SimFirstName}'s Skill Journal for information about the reward.»
«My nemesis is an award-winning gardener. She’s always bragging about how she was featured in such and such magazine. I realize that I’d be cheating by having you landscape my lawn, but at least I’ll get to rub her nose in it.» → «My nemesis is an award-winning gardener. She’s always bragging about how she was featured in such and such magazine. I realise that I’d be cheating by having you landscape my lawn, but at least I’ll get to rub her nose in it.»
«Such gorgeous colors! There's nothing quite like the natural beauty of nature.» → «Such gorgeous colours! There's nothing quite like the natural beauty of nature.»
«The perfect place to play hooky  and enjoy a serene day.» → «The perfect place to play hooky and enjoy a serene day.»
«If you’re looking for downtown living at its finest, don’t pass up this large residence. The amount of space available here is usually unheard of in most town centers.» → «If you’re looking for downtown living at its finest, don’t pass up this large residence. The amount of space available here is usually unheard of in most town centres.»
«I like to think of myself as good looking. Well, I know I am. I'm so good looking that I'm certain my neighbors look through my windows to admire me. To make sure that I look great while I'm sleeping, I will need you to style a fantastic sleepwear ensemble.» → «I like to think of myself as good looking. Well, I know I am. I'm so good looking that I'm certain my neighbours look through my windows to admire me. To make sure that I look great while I'm sleeping, I will need you to style a fantastic sleepwear ensemble.»
«Vice President» → «Deputy Prime Minister»
«Set against a stunning cliff that juts out over the water, this Spanish Colonial house is spread out over three spacious floors. This is the perfect house for a family with the resources to enjoy life to the fullest. Every square inch of this house is crammed with old world charm and exceptional detail--not to mention the pool in the back yard with a million dollar view.» → «Set against a stunning cliff that juts out over the water, this Spanish Colonial house is spread out over three spacious floors. This is the perfect house for a family with the resources to enjoy life to the fullest. Every square centimetre of this house is crammed with old world charm and exceptional detail--not to mention the pool in the back yard with a million dollar view.»
«{0.SimFirstName} was passed by a constant stream of explorers, all of whom keep telling {0.SimFirstName} to "turn back," "get out while you can," and "avoid Hogan's Deep-Fried Diner." But what do they know?» → «{0.SimFirstName} was passed by a constant stream of explorers, all of whom keep telling {0.SimFirstName} to "turn back," "get out while you can," and "avoid Hogan's Fritter Eatery." But what do they know?»
«It seems that {0.SimFirstName} is actually traveling towards the surface while simultaneously descending deeper into the catacombs. The logical impossibility of the situation is not lost on {0.SimFirstName}, who respects the laws of gravity.» → «It seems that {0.SimFirstName} is actually traveling towards the surface while simultaneously descending deeper into the catacombs. The logical impossibility of the situation is not lost on {0.SimFirstName}, who respects the laws of gravity.»
«This key appears to go somewhere else.  {2.String} will probably be interested in this.» → «This key appears to go somewhere else. {2.String} will probably be interested in this.»
«Fertilize with Salt» → «Fertilise with Salt»
«Get on the Honor Roll.» → «Get on the Honour Roll.»
«{0.SimFirstName} has discovered everything {MA.he}{FA.she} can think of, there is nothing left to discover.  Guess it's time to go out and play.» → «{0.SimFirstName} has discovered everything {MA.he}{FA.she} can think of, there is nothing left to discover. Guess it's time to go out and play.»
«Every Sim has a favorite food, something they love to eat more than anything else. Your Sim wants to learn someone's favorite food. Talk to the Sim to learn more about them!» → «Every Sim has a favourite food, something they love to eat more than anything else. Your Sim wants to learn someone's favourite food. Talk to the Sim to learn more about them!»
«Okay, well, have fun. I'll see you around the neighborhood!» → «Okay, well, have fun. I'll see you around the neighbourhood!»
«Oh, look who’s grilling.  That’s real mature.  How about doing some work?» → «Oh, look who’s grilling. That’s real mature. How about doing some work?»
«Stackable Sanitation Trash Can by Standard Issue» → «Stackable Sanitation Waste Bin by Standard Issue»
«Warning! There are expansion packs that are linked to your selection.  They will be removed as well.» → «Warning! There are expansion packs that are linked to your selection. They will be removed as well.»
«We traveled a long way to get to this resort, but as soon as we got here we had to leave to find some food.» → «We travelled a long way to get to this resort, but as soon as we got here we had to leave to find some food.»
«Make Snow Cone...» → «Make Sorbet...»
«Life as a Plumbot can feel limited, even stifling. Trait Chips open up new horizons of possibility and add color to drab mechanical lives.» → «Life as a Plumbot can feel limited, even stifling. Trait Chips open up new horizons of possibility and add colour to drab mechanical lives.»
«This old nectary has a lot of history.  It's the perfect place to start up your own trade!» → «This old nectary has a lot of history. It's the perfect place to start up your own trade!»
«Chamomile Kick» → «Camomile Kick»
«Since Barry can remember, he’s always had a guitar in his hand practicing his favorite tunes. He aspires to be a famous guitarist someday – or if that doesn’t work out perhaps a singer. Either way, he’s attracted to the glitz and glamour of being a celebrity. Barry is excited to be right in the heart of an entertainment town, and hopes to use his father’s connections to get his big break (since he has no plans to attend college). A natural flirt, he’s been rather popular amongst the ladies, especially with his ability to serenade with the guitar.» → «Since Barry can remember, he’s always had a guitar in his hand practicing his favourite tunes. He aspires to be a famous guitarist someday – or if that doesn’t work out perhaps a singer. Either way, he’s attracted to the glitz and glamour of being a celebrity. Barry is excited to be right in the heart of an entertainment town, and hopes to use his father’s connections to get his big break (since he has no plans to attend college). A natural flirt, he’s been rather popular amongst the ladies, especially with his ability to serenade with the guitar.»
«Order Favorite Meal ({1.Money})» → «Order Favourite Meal ({1.Money})»
«Tour Administration Center With Pack» → «Tour Administration Centre With Pack»
«{0.SimName} worked hard to be promoted to a Sports Analyst! Modern sports is all about statistics, so {MA.he}{FA.she} can now use the Smart Phone to analyze statistics to stay ahead of the game.» → «{0.SimName} worked hard to be promoted to a Sports Analyst! Modern sports is all about statistics, so {MA.he}{FA.she} can now use the Smart Phone to analyse statistics to stay ahead of the game.»
«Shoemaker» → «Busarakham»
«Sorenson» → «Sörenson»
«Who wants to buy a car or bicycle when you can have your very own Horse to ride! Want to be the envy of all your friends and family? Buying a Horse will get everybody talking! Head on down to your local Equestrian Center today and pick one up before they're all gone. Your Sim wants to buy a Horse.» → «Who wants to buy a car or bicycle when you can have your very own Horse to ride! Want to be the envy of all your friends and family? Buying a Horse will get everybody talking! Head on down to your local Equestrian Centre today and pick one up before they're all gone. Your Sim wants to buy a Horse.»
«Negroponte» → «Zagorakis»
«Muller» → «Müller»
«Orourke» → «O'Rourke»
«Osborne» → «Osbourne»
«Peoples» → «Matsushima»
«Worried that people are ignoring your streetlamp? They’re a fairly ubiquitous feature after all, and after awhile people just don’t notice them anymore! Draw those wandering eyes back to your beautiful streetlamp with this collection of attention-grabbing signage. Their bright colors and fanciful designs are sure to do the job!» → «Worried that people are ignoring your streetlamp? They’re a fairly ubiquitous feature after all, and after awhile people just don’t notice them anymore! Draw those wandering eyes back to your beautiful streetlamp with this collection of attention-grabbing signage. Their bright colours and fanciful designs are sure to do the job!»
«Welcome, {0.SimFirstName}! On behalf of the citizens of {TownName} I am overjoyed to reward you with the {1.String} in honor of your efforts at inoculating Sims in our community! I’m counting on you to keep the future voters healthy! After all, a healthy Sim is a productive member of society. And productive members of society pay taxes.» → «Welcome, {0.SimFirstName}! On behalf of the citizens of {TownName} I am overjoyed to reward you with the {1.String} in honour of your efforts at inoculating Sims in our community! I’m counting on you to keep the future voters healthy! After all, a healthy Sim is a productive member of society. And productive members of society pay taxes.»
«Adopting a bundle of joy adds fun and  mischief to any household!» → «Adopting a bundle of joy adds fun and mischief to any household!»
«De-authorization requires an internet connection.  No internet connection has been found.  Please check your internet connection and try again.» → «De-authorisation requires an internet connection. No internet connection has been found. Please check your internet connection and try again.»
«I love signing petitions!  Especially good and worthy ones like this!» → «I love signing petitions! Especially good and worthy ones like this!»
«You talk a mighty good talk.  This sounds like the right thing to do.  Give me that pen.» → «You talk a mighty good talk. This sounds like the right thing to do. Give me that pen.»
«If you can sucker people into doing it, why not?  Anything for science!» → «If you can sucker people into doing it, why not? Anything for science!»
«Well you are the doctor right?  If you think its a good thing, then I can get behind it.» → «Well you are the doctor right? If you think its a good thing, then I can get behind it.»
«{0.SimFirstName} managed to get through another Lab session without a fatality or major injury.  That's a job well done!» → «{0.SimFirstName} managed to get through another Lab session without a fatality or major injury. That's a job well done!»
«With a front porch perfect for summer evenings keeping an eye out on the neighborhood happenings, this classic mission home is both practical and homey.» → «With a front porch perfect for summer evenings keeping an eye out on the neighbourhood happenings, this classic mission home is both practical and homey.»
«Have your Fortune told at the Gypsy Caravan» → «Have your Fortune told at the Fortune Caravan»
«See? Holding it in didn't help.  Better get {0.SimFirstName} outside soon!» → «See? Holding it in didn't help. Better get {0.SimFirstName} outside soon!»
«Sparks fly every time two Plumbots kiss, but that was something really special! Colors seem brighter to {0.SimFirstName}’s optical sensors.» → «Sparks fly every time two Plumbots kiss, but that was something really special! Colours seem brighter to {0.SimFirstName}’s optical sensors.»
«See? Holding it in didn't help.  Better get {0.SimFirstName} to {MA.his}{FA.her} litter box soon!» → «See? Holding it in didn't help. Better get {0.SimFirstName} to {MA.his}{FA.her} litter box soon!»
«{OpTarget} was sad to hear about the amount of corruption stemming from City Hall, not to mention the health pandemic the public must endure. {OpTarget} guarantees changes will come, and soon. I was paid handsomely for solving the case, but most importantly, I'm glad I did something good for my fellow Sim.» → «{OpTarget} was sad to hear about the amount of corruption stemming from City Hall, not to mention the health epidemic the public must endure. {OpTarget} guarantees changes will come, and soon. I was paid handsomely for solving the case, but most importantly, I'm glad I did something good for my fellow Sim.»
«This portrait recalls all the cozy feelings of that place we call home. Painted by renowned artist Franco Delatissi, art historians believe this painting to show Delatissi’s actual home. Art lovers appreciate Franco’s muted use of color to evoke a warm sense of memory, but rarely seem to discuss the fact that Franco had mysteriously disappeared in the house. Stranger still is the fact that the painting didn’t seem to surface until one year after Franco Delatissi’s disappearance…» → «This portrait recalls all the cosy feelings of that place we call home. Painted by renowned artist Franco Delatissi, art historians believe this painting to show Delatissi’s actual home. Art lovers appreciate Franco’s muted use of colour to evoke a warm sense of memory, but rarely seem to discuss the fact that Franco had mysteriously disappeared in the house. Stranger still is the fact that the painting didn’t seem to surface until one year after Franco Delatissi’s disappearance…»
«There are so many ideas floating around in {0.SimFirstName}'s head that it's hard to decide where to start. It's time to start thinking bigger, like inventions with functionality!  Hit the workbench and see what {0.SimFirstName} can come up with.» → «There are so many ideas floating around in {0.SimFirstName}'s head that it's hard to decide where to start. It's time to start thinking bigger, like inventions with functionality! Hit the workbench and see what {0.SimFirstName} can come up with.»
«The Bailey Full-Speed Driving School \nhereby recognizes \n{0.SimName} \nas having achieved exceptional levels of driving skill. \n\nAwarded: {DateAndTime}, Witnessing Officer: Ms. A R Bailey» → «The Bailey Full-Speed Driving School \nhereby recognises \n{0.SimName} \nas having achieved exceptional levels of driving skill. \n\nAwarded: {DateAndTime}, Witnessing Officer: Ms. A R Bailey»
«“I realized just now that I do not have a photograph of the Arc de Triomphe. Some exhibit this will be without it! Please take a picture of the Arc for me. I’ll pay you the standard fee.”» → «“I realised just now that I do not have a photograph of the Arc de Triomphe. Some exhibit this will be without it! Please take a picture of the Arc for me. I’ll pay you the standard fee.”»
«{0.SimFirstName} needs to take care of business, whether it's outside or in a litter box.  Holding it in isn't going to help.» → «{0.SimFirstName} needs to take care of business, whether it's outside or in a litter box. Holding it in isn't going to help.»
«Elegant Ceiling Molding - Line» → «Elegant Ceiling Moulding - Line»
«• Your Sim could have awkward results from socializing with others.» → «• Your Sim could have awkward results from socialising with others.»
«I need more hours in the day.  I want a wardrobe that can be worn for day and night events because every minute counts!» → «I need more hours in the day. I want a wardrobe that can be worn for day and night events because every minute counts!»
«This charming loveseat was designed by famous spine-enthusiast Hiram Brackenridge. As a child, young Hiram was diagnosed with a rare condition known as “spine coils.” From that moment he dreamed of designing furniture that would correct his unique posture. Not only did his Highback design straighten out his coils, he gained a full three inches in height! Try the Highback Brackenridge today, and you’ll say, “WOW, I’m sitting up straight!!”» → «This charming loveseat was designed by famous spine-enthusiast Hiram Brackenridge. As a child, young Hiram was diagnosed with a rare condition known as “spine coils.” From that moment he dreamt of designing furniture that would correct his unique posture. Not only did his Highback design straighten out his coils, he gained a full 8 centimetres in height! Try the Highback Brackenridge today, and you’ll say, “WOW, I’m sitting up straight!!”»
«Yard work is hard work! This chip makes your robot a green-thumb gardener.\n\n• Gardening Skill is raised to maximum.\n• Equips Plumbot with advanced nanotech fertilizer.\n• Plumbot takes the initiative to garden on its own.» → «Yard work is hard work! This chip makes your robot a green-thumb gardener.\n\n• Gardening Skill is raised to maximum.\n• Equips Plumbot with advanced nanotech fertiliser.\n• Plumbot takes the initiative to garden on its own.»
«All breeds of dogs can learn to hunt! Proper training will prepare any dog's nose to sniff out the rarest of collectibles hidden throughout the neighborhood.» → «All breeds of dogs can learn to hunt! Proper training will prepare any dog's nose to sniff out the rarest of collectibles hidden throughout the neighbourhood.»
«{0.SimFirstName} needs to take care of business.  Holding it in isn't going to help.» → «{0.SimFirstName} needs to take care of business. Holding it in isn't going to help.»
«The smooth natural curves of the Naturlone trash can will bring the feel of the outdoors into your home! Dumping trash isn't very eco-friendly, but with the Naturlone, you'll kinda feel like you are!» → «The smooth natural curves of the Naturlone waste bin will bring the feel of the outdoors into your home! Dumping trash isn't very eco-friendly, but with the Naturlone, you'll kinda feel like you are!»
«How thoughtful of you to use such wonderfully personalized items while decorating!» → «How thoughtful of you to use such wonderfully personalised items while decorating!»
«{0.SimFirstName} is Hydrophobic, which means {MA.he’ll}{FA.she’ll}  never be happy when forced to go swimming. (Hover over any trait in the Simology Panel to see more benefits.)» → «{0.SimFirstName} is Hydrophobic, which means {MA.he’ll}{FA.she’ll} never be happy when forced to go swimming. (Hover over any trait in the Simology Panel to see more benefits.)»
«Wearing freshly washed clothes is a joy of life, like cookies or sunshine.» → «Wearing freshly washed clothes is a joy of life, like biscuits or sunshine.»
«An upgraded stove can greatly increase the quality and flavor of food prepared on it. Your Sim wants to Calibrate the Stove for Higher Quality to make every meal fantastic!» → «An upgraded stove can greatly increase the quality and flavour of food prepared on it. Your Sim wants to Calibrate the Stove for Higher Quality to make every meal fantastic!»
«Awoooooo!!!!! The moon… It’s so big and bright! Can’t… control… awoooooo!!! {2.SimName} will never forget the first time that {MA.he}{FA.she} realized that {MA.he}{FA.she} was powerless against the transformative pull of the full moon and had to release {MA.his}{FA.her} inner werewolf!» → «Awoooooo!!!!! The moon… It’s so big and bright! Can’t… control… awoooooo!!! {2.SimName} will never forget the first time that {MA.he}{FA.she} realised that {MA.he}{FA.she} was powerless against the transformative pull of the full moon and had to release {MA.his}{FA.her} inner werewolf!»
«Tofu can really bring the best flavors forward and delight the palette. Your Sim dreams of preparing a meal that contains Tofu.» → «Tofu can really bring the best flavours forward and delight the palette. Your Sim dreams of preparing a meal that contains Tofu.»
«Many Sims don’t know that when doors were first invented, they were built parallel to the ground in an attempt to not disrupt the natural feng shui of a room. After a year of product testing and focus groups, they realized that the inconvenience of having to crawl through a door was just too great. They decided to disrupt the feng shui.» → «Many Sims don’t know that when doors were first invented, they were built parallel to the ground in an attempt to not disrupt the natural feng shui of a room. After a year of product testing and focus groups, they realised that the inconvenience of having to crawl through a door was just too great. They decided to disrupt the feng shui.»
«Click to increase the catalog size.» → «Click to increase the catalogue size.»
«Rumor has it a ship crashed here and whomever possesses and assembles the four keys can open its treasure…» → «Rumour has it a ship crashed here and whomever possesses and assembles the four keys can open its treasure…»
«{0.SimFirstName} is finally a young adult with all the privileges and responsibilities of adulthood. Her future is wide open. What will she accomplish?» → «{0.SimFirstName} is finally a young gal with all the privileges and responsibilities of adulthood. Her future is wide open. What will she accomplish?»
«Visit Theatre» → «Visit Cinema»
«Congratulations {0.SimName} is now a Fishing expert.  As a reward {0.SimName} chance of catching rarer fish has increased.» → «Congratulations {0.SimName} is now a Fishing expert. As a reward {0.SimName} chance of catching rarer fish has increased.»
«A trip to the theatre is a special night out, where Sims can enjoy artistic entertainment in a fine setting.» → «A trip to the cinema is a special night out, where Sims can enjoy artistic entertainment in a fine setting.»
«{1.SimFirstName} is getting a good handle on how the Locals handle themselves.  Time to report back to HQ.» → «{1.SimFirstName} is getting a good handle on how the Locals handle themselves. Time to report back to HQ.»
«Collect Fertilizer» → «Collect Fertiliser»
«Welcome to the local Equestrian Center pardner! From competitions to breeding, it's the first stop you'll want to make if you're into horses. Would you like to find out more?» → «Welcome to the local Equestrian Centre pardner! From competitions to breeding, it's the first stop you'll want to make if you're into horses. Would you like to find out more?»
«. {0.SimName} will need to take care of the kids until their parents show up!» → «. {0.SimName} will need to take care of the kids until their parents show up!»
«Go to the Theatre» → «Go to the Cinema»
«This is a replica of the first Om Nom Nom Inc. ice cream store that opened in 1276. The tv you can see through the window was worshipped and feared by the native population causing the store to go out of business in three weeks.» → «This is a replica of the first Om Nom Nom Inc. ice cream store that opened in 1276. The TV you can see through the window was worshipped and feared by the native population causing the store to go out of business in three weeks.»
«Cerebralizing Brain Enhancing Machine 1.0» → «Cerebralising Brain Enhancing Machine 1.0»
«You can realign, reposition, or delete undesired blueprint placements with the Hand Tool. When you are satisfied with your blueprint layout, click the "Preview Blueprints" button located at the top of the screen to build and view your room. Choose "Accept" to finalize your changes or "Cancel" to return to the blueprint layout. Use the Undo and Redo buttons to fix unwanted changes.» → «You can realign, reposition, or delete undesired blueprint placements with the Hand Tool. When you are satisfied with your blueprint layout, click the "Preview Blueprints" button located at the top of the screen to build and view your room. Choose "Accept" to finalise your changes or "Cancel" to return to the blueprint layout. Use the Undo and Redo buttons to fix unwanted changes.»
«After selecting a room from the catalog, the blueprint is attached to your cursor. Move your cursor to where you would like to place the room and click to place the blueprint. You can place additional blueprints as long as you have enough funds. Room edges will snap together and create adjoining walls. The door will be moved to an available space between the rooms. If no space is available, the door will be placed in your family inventory or refunded. This is also true for wall decor.» → «After selecting a room from the catalogue, the blueprint is attached to your cursor. Move your cursor to where you would like to place the room and click to place the blueprint. You can place additional blueprints as long as you have enough funds. Room edges will snap together and create adjoining walls. The door will be moved to an available space between the rooms. If no space is available, the door will be placed in your family inventory or refunded. This is also true for wall decor.»
«A third date means the relationship is rolling along nicely. If the uncomfortable humor is kept to a minimum, this romance will be around to stay!» → «A third date means the relationship is rolling along nicely. If the uncomfortable humour is kept to a minimum, this romance will be around to stay!»
«Envelop those tired bones in the warm caress of cotton and cradle your back with full lumbar support when you take a load off in the Quiet Time Cottage Chair. You'll be lulled into a deep sleep before you even realize it. There's no need to choose value over comfort when you can have both with a chair crafted especially for you.» → «Envelop those tired bones in the warm caress of cotton and cradle your back with full lumbar support when you take a load off in the Quiet Time Cottage Chair. You'll be lulled into a deep sleep before you even realise it. There's no need to choose value over comfort when you can have both with a chair crafted especially for you.»
«Now this just keeps getting weirder. I found some… fin marks… leading to the trash can outside. Better do some rummaging.» → «Now this just keeps getting weirder. I found some… fin marks… leading to the waste bin outside. Better do some rummaging.»
«The Protest that {0.SimName} organized was a huge success! Enrolled Sims will do a little better with their Academics, effective immediately!» → «The Protest that {0.SimName} organised was a huge success! Enrolled Sims will do a little better with their Academics, effective immediately!»
«Where else can you find a practical use for Geometry, Physics and English (and just maybe a few rounds of liquid Chemistry)? With the Side Pocket Pool Table you can finally justify those expensive and impractical classes, take what you first learned at University, and school your opponents!» → «Where else can you find a practical use for Geometry, Physics and English (and just maybe a few rounds of liquid Chemistry)? With the Side Pocket Snooker Table you can finally justify those expensive and impractical classes, take what you first learned at University, and school your opponents!»
«Give Color Commentary» → «Give Colour Commentary»
«Without peer, {0.SimFirstName} is in charge.  Your on-field exploits and stats are the envy of every little leaguer, minor leaguer, and MVP that plays any sport. You’re a Sports Legend! Every time you step onto the field thousands of camera shutters erupt, because every play of yours will make international headlines. You’re at the top of every game that’s been created, and even some that haven’t.» → «Without peer, {0.SimFirstName} is in charge. Your on-field exploits and stats are the envy of every player in all leagues and the MVPs that plays any sport. You’re a Sports Legend! Every time you step onto the field thousands of camera shutters erupt, because every play of yours will make international headlines. You’re at the top of every sport that’s been created, and even some that haven’t.»
«Action Get Mail» → «Action Get Post»
«The French locals had amazing tips on balancing flavor and texture in your dishes. Your Cooking skill improved as a result of this knowledge and you got a raise.» → «The French locals had amazing tips on balancing flavour and texture in your dishes. Your Cooking skill improved as a result of this knowledge and you got a raise.»
«Despite being the glue of the family, Nick often find's himself the odd man out when it comes to family politics.» → «Despite being the glue of the family, Nick often finds himself the odd man out when it comes to family politics.»
«After birds learn to talk, they develop into quite proficient conversationalists!  Your Sim wants to talk with a bird.» → «After birds learn to talk, they develop into quite proficient conversationalists! Your Sim wants to talk with a bird.»
«Pathetique Organizational Skills» → «Pathetique Organisational Skills»
«It's time for a party... or so your Sim hopes. Your Sim wants to be invited to a party by a neighbor, so make friends with someone nearby and wait for their invitation!» → «It's time for a party... or so your Sim hopes. Your Sim wants to be invited to a party by a neighbour, so make friends with someone nearby and wait for their invitation!»
«Urbane Center for the Arts» → «Urbane Centre for the Arts»
«Portions of this software utilize SpeedTree technology. © 2002 Interactive Data Visualization, Inc. All rights reserved.» → «Portions of this software utilize SpeedTree technology. © 2002 Interactive Data Visualisation, Inc. All rights reserved.»
«You have read the book so you know how worthless it is.  Anyway, while {2.String} has been wasting our time, I've been doing some digging and found out that one of Queen Hatshepsut's secret lairs is beneath one of the houses in this very town!  You should go check it out for clues.» → «You have read the book so you know how worthless it is. Anyway, while {2.String} has been wasting our time, I've been doing some digging and found out that one of Queen Hatshepsut's secret lairs is beneath one of the houses in this very town! You should go check it out for clues.»
«You've gotten a taste of the equestrian life, and you don't mind the flavor. Keep pushing  yourself and your horse onto bigger challenges.» → «You've gotten a taste of the equestrian life, and you don't mind the flavour. Keep pushing yourself and your horse onto bigger challenges.»
«Adopt a Pet from a Neighbor» → «Adopt a Pet from a Neighbour»
«Writing epitaphs maybe depressing, but at least you get to use your creativity. Let 'er RIP!» → «Writing epitaphs may be depressing, but at least you get to use your creativity. Let 'er RIP!»
«Twinbrook Theatre for the Perfoming Arts» → «Twinbrook Theatre for the Performing Arts»
«Go to the {OpTarget} and attend a game.» → «Go to the {OpTarget} and attend a match.»
«Graduating University is always special, but doing it with a perfect GPA is even sweeter!» → «Graduating University is always special, but doing it with full distinctions is even sweeter!»
«{0.SimFirstName}’s brain is scrambled by Geyser Rift radiation! The giggles will continue until its effects wear off {MA.his}{FA.her} Humoral Lobe.» → «{0.SimFirstName}’s brain is scrambled by Geyser Rift radiation! The giggles will continue until its effects wear off {MA.his}{FA.her} Humoural Lobe.»
«James Vaughan's Command Center» → «James Vaughan's Command Centre»
«A trashcan for your town.» → «A waste bin for your town.»
«Food cooked in trucks can leave an unexpected aftertaste and more.» → «Food cooked in vans can leave an unexpected aftertaste and more.»
«When the sun is high in the sky, the flowers are blooming, and there’s a raspberry snow cone in {0.SimFirstName}’s hand, {MA.he}{FA.she} can’t help but think of love…» → «When the sun is high in the sky, the flowers are blooming, and there’s a raspberry sorbet in {0.SimFirstName}’s hand, {MA.he}{FA.she} can’t help but think of love…»
«You see out in the semi-far distance something that oddly resembles a mass of tangled hair on four legs. You can't be totally sure but you think it may be a Wild Horse. You wonder if your eyes are playing tricks on you.  Your Sim wants to See a Wild Horse.» → «You see out in the semi-far distance something that oddly resembles a mass of tangled hair on four legs. You can't be totally sure but you think it may be a Wild Horse. You wonder if your eyes are playing tricks on you. Your Sim wants to See a Wild Horse.»
«The Grodiek Institute for Advanced Athletics \nhereby recognizes \n{0.SimName} \nas having achieved exceptional levels of athletic skill. \n\nAwarded: {DateAndTime}, Witnessing Officer: Mr. H Schtübbman» → «The Grodiek Institute for Advanced Athletics \nhereby recognises \n{0.SimName} \nas having achieved exceptional levels of athletic skill. \n\nAwarded: {DateAndTime}, Witnessing Officer: Mr. H Schtübbman»
«Dim sum was the obvious favorite amongst the crowd of visitors.» → «Dim sum was the obvious favourite amongst the crowd of visitors.»
«With this blessing you're feeling luckier than  a four leaf clover!» → «With this blessing you're feeling luckier than a four leaf clover!»
«Some item went unsold and will be mailed back to you.» → «Some item went unsold and will be posted back to you.»
«Cook Someone's Favorite Meal» → «Cook Someone's Favourite Meal»
«Localization Producer» → «Localisation Producer»
«{0.SimFirstName} just helped a particularly attractive cat burglar after a nasty fall from a recent job.  Talk about missed connections!» → «{0.SimFirstName} just helped a particularly attractive cat burglar after a nasty fall from a recent job. Talk about missed connections!»
«One particularly ogrish fellow named Thog had some pretty nasty bruises. He fell down some stairs onto a baseball bat (several times) apparently.  {0.SimFirstName} was able to patch him up quickly.» → «One particularly ogrish fellow named Thog had some pretty nasty bruises. He fell down some stairs onto a cricket bat (several times) apparently. {0.SimFirstName} was able to patch him up quickly.»
«On behalf of the citizens of {TownName} it is my honor to award the {1.String} to {0.SimFirstName}! Many times I have strolled past your gorgeous gardens and admired your green thumb and bountiful plants. Your gardening skills provide the citizens of {TownName} with delicious fresh food to eat, and beautiful plants to gaze upon. Your talent and knowledge in the realm of gardening is unrivaled.» → «On behalf of the citizens of {TownName} it is my honour to award the {1.String} to {0.SimFirstName}! Many times I have strolled past your gorgeous gardens and admired your green thumb and bountiful plants. Your gardening skills provide the citizens of {TownName} with delicious fresh food to eat, and beautiful plants to gaze upon. Your talent and knowledge in the realm of gardening is unrivaled.»
«The ultra modern ExoEdge Gaming System is powered by the latest technology in liquid core processors and ionized water cooling for extreme gaming fun. Enhance your gaming experience with the full line of upcoming peripherals, including a foot-guided racing wheel, taste-enhancement gaming device, and shakable exercise controller. Note that ReliableWare disavows recent reports of liquid core leakage in a large number of units.» → «The ultra modern ExoEdge Gaming System is powered by the latest technology in liquid core processors and ionised water cooling for extreme gaming fun. Enhance your gaming experience with the full line of upcoming peripherals, including a foot-guided racing wheel, taste-enhancement gaming device, and shakable exercise controller. Note that ReliableWare disavows recent reports of liquid core leakage in a large number of units.»
«{0.SimName} just had a little baby! Mom and baby are both perfectly fine. Hopefully {0.SimFirstName} is prepared for the adventure that is parenthood!» → «{0.SimName} just had a little baby! Mum and baby are both perfectly fine. Hopefully {0.SimFirstName} is prepared for the adventure that is parenthood!»
«Yes!  It's working!  It looks like all the floor panels must be activated to seal in Dong Huo's spirit!» → «Yes! It's working! It looks like all the floor panels must be activated to seal in Dong Huo's spirit!»
«{0.SimFirstName} has captured a {2.String}!  This particular {3.String} is {4.String} amongst other species in its suborder.» → «{0.SimFirstName} has captured a {2.String}! This particular {3.String} is {4.String} amongst other species in its suborder.»
«05/13/08» → «13.05.08»
«Travelers beware, for who knows what may lie in wait in the thickly tangled blades of grass. Treasure, fortune, or the physical embodiment of your greatest fears? As they say, it came from beneath the swamp…grass!» → «Travellers beware, for who knows what may lie in wait in the thickly tangled blades of grass. Treasure, fortune, or the physical embodiment of your greatest fears? As they say, it came from beneath the swamp…grass!»
«For grilling for the whole neighborhood, you are now known as a Community Griller in town!» → «For grilling for the whole neighbourhood, you are now known as a Community Griller in town!»
«Some sculptors sell their work as soon as it's done, others prefer to keep a collection.  Your Sim would like to place {0.Number} sculptures on their lot.  Get to work at the Sculpting Station and then place the sculptures in build or buy mode.» → «Some sculptors sell their work as soon as it's done, others prefer to keep a collection. Your Sim would like to place {0.Number} sculptures on their lot. Get to work at the Sculpting Station and then place the sculptures in build or buy mode.»
«You managed to sneak into the Holo Theater without paying! Watch out for ushers.» → «You managed to sneak into the Holo Cinema without paying! Watch out for ushers.»
«Snowflake Day has arrived! Share a friendly gesture with your neighbors, friends, or even to a stranger at the Winter Festival. Today is the day to spread some holiday bliss.» → «Snowflake Day has arrived! Share a friendly gesture with your neighbours, friends, or even to a stranger at the Winter Festival. Today is the day to spread some holiday bliss.»
«This wand is a favorite of experienced spell-casters because it requires the least amount of energy to use. With only average accuracy and safety, however, it may not be the best choice for less-skilled Sims. Heavier than wooden wands, and with more of the weight distributed toward the tip, many witches nonetheless prefer the performance of the crystal wand. It’s also tough to beat the style of this beautiful wand.\n\nSpell Accuracy: Medium\nMagic Cost Efficiency: Highest» → «This wand is a favourite of experienced spell-casters because it requires the least amount of energy to use. With only average accuracy and safety, however, it may not be the best choice for less-skilled Sims. Heavier than wooden wands, and with more of the weight distributed toward the tip, many witches nonetheless prefer the performance of the crystal wand. It’s also tough to beat the style of this beautiful wand.\n\nSpell Accuracy: Medium\nMagic Cost Efficiency: Highest»
«Time Traveler...» → «Time Traveller...»
«Excellent, we're sure to figure out their plans now.  Let me digest this for a bit.  I have a minor task that you can do in the mean time.  It is time the locals understood how bad for business and growth this resistance is.  If you could go explain this to {10.Number} natives that would really help our cause quite a bit.» → «Excellent, we're sure to figure out their plans now. Let me digest this for a bit. I have a minor task that you can do in the mean time. It is time the locals understood how bad for business and growth this resistance is. If you could go explain this to {10.Number} natives that would really help our cause quite a bit.»
«{2.SimName} just saw a game at the stadium. The memory of watching that incredible catch will stay with {MA.him}{FA.her} for a lifetime.» → «{2.SimName} just saw a match at the stadium. The memory of watching that incredible goal will stay with {MA.him}{FA.her} for a lifetime.»
«Welcome, {0.SimFirstName}! It is truly an honor for me to present the {1.String} to a Sim so talented! Your photographs bring both smiles and tears to the faces of those who gaze upon them. Never have I encountered a photographer who could capture so much emotion in one image! Your artistic techniques for blending color are revolutionary, and the contrast in your black and white photos exemplifies your impeccable skills. The citizens of {TownName} hope that you continue to craft fine photos using our little town as a backdrop. Your photography is your legacy and future generations will delight in your images long after you are gone.» → «Welcome, {0.SimFirstName}! It is truly an honour for me to present the {1.String} to a Sim so talented! Your photographs bring both smiles and tears to the faces of those who gaze upon them. Never have I encountered a photographer who could capture so much emotion in one image! Your artistic techniques for blending colour are revolutionary, and the contrast in your black and white photos exemplifies your impeccable skills. The citizens of {TownName} hope that you continue to craft fine photos using our little town as a backdrop. Your photography is your legacy and future generations will delight in your images long after you are gone.»
«Dilapidated Theater Screen» → «Dilapidated Cinema Screen»
«Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with a "C" in Technology, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 2 of the Military and Law Enforcement careers and earn significantly more money than if {MA.he}{FA.she} didn't have the degree. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload Resume now.» → «Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with a "C" in Technology, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 2 of the Military and Law Enforcement careers and earn significantly more money than if {MA.he}{FA.she} didn't have the degree. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload CV now.»
«Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with a "B" in Technology, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 3 of the Military and Law Enforcement careers and earn a much higher salary than if {MA.he}{FA.she} didn't have the degree. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload Resume now.» → «Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with a "B" in Technology, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 3 of the Military and Law Enforcement careers and earn a much higher salary than if {MA.he}{FA.she} didn't have the degree. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload CV now.»
«Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with an "A" in Technology, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 4 of the Military and Law Enforcement careers and earn the highest possible starting salary. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload Resume now.» → «Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with an "A" in Technology, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 4 of the Military and Law Enforcement careers and earn the highest possible starting salary. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload CV now.»
«Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with a "D" in Technology, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 1 of the Military and Law Enforcement careers and earn slightly more money than if {MA.he}{FA.she} didn't have the degree. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload Resume now.» → «Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with a "D" in Technology, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 1 of the Military and Law Enforcement careers and earn slightly more money than if {MA.he}{FA.she} didn't have the degree. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload CV now.»
«A gypsy once told {2.SimFirstName} that {MA.he}{FA.she} was destined to one day experience WooHoo in a gypsy caravan. It looks like that prediction was right! {2.SimName} will always remember how destiny, fate, or just happenstance led {MA.him}{FA.her} to this moment!» → «A fortune teller once told {2.SimFirstName} that {MA.he}{FA.she} was destined to one day experience WooHoo in a Fortune Caravan. It looks like that prediction was right! {2.SimName} will always remember how destiny, fate, or just happenstance led {MA.him}{FA.her} to this moment!»
«{0.SimName} just swallowed some water.  It was refreshing!» → «{0.SimName} just swallowed some water. It was refreshing!»
«An underwater whirlpool!  {0.SimName} is getting dizzy!» → «An underwater whirlpool! {0.SimName} is getting dizzy!»
«{OpSource} wants me to hack into the local business bureau's database to clear up a slight "credit mistransaction." Ethics aren't my department -- I'll do the hacking and {OpSourceFirstName} will need to sleep at night.» → «{OpSource} wants me to hack into the local business bureau's database to clear up a slight "credit mistransaction." Ethics aren't my department — I'll do the hacking and {OpSourceFirstName} will need to sleep at night.»
«Why buy a new house when a fixer-upper will give a handy-minded Sim the project of a lifetime! Hidden behind a lawn with years of neglect is a quaint bungalow that would be great for entertaining guests… and not much else. Don’t let the grime fool you; it serves its load-bearing purpose to keep a roof over--and not on--your head!» → «Why buy a new house when a fixer-upper will give a handy-minded Sim the project of a lifetime! Hidden behind a lawn with years of neglect is a quaint bungalow that would be great for entertaining guests… and not much else. Don’t let the grime fool you; it serves its load-bearing purpose to keep a roof over—and not on—your head!»
«Tied closely with Grilled Cheese, due to its healthy reliance on cheese, Mac and Cheese is a comfort food you'll love to eat.» → «Tied closely with Grilled Cheese, due to its healthy reliance on cheese, Macaroni Cheese is a comfort food you'll love to eat.»
«Bright colors can be lots of fun, but {0.SimName} had enough and it’s time for some cleansing Clear Dew.» → «Bright colours can be lots of fun, but {0.SimName} had enough and it’s time for some cleansing Clear Dew.»
«There is just some mesmerizing effect that comes over you when you watch fish in a bowl or aquarium. The way the fish swim lazily from side to side, or the way they just aimlessly float for what seems forever, is just very calming! Your Pet wants to Watch Fish in a Fish Bowl.» → «There is just some mesmerising effect that comes over you when you watch fish in a bowl or aquarium. The way the fish swim lazily from side to side, or the way they just aimlessly float for what seems forever, is just very calming! Your Pet wants to Watch Fish in a Fish Bowl.»
«A Sim came in today with an unknown sickness and it looked grim. Everyone gave up and threw in the towel, but not {0.SimFirstName}!  He pulled out all the stops, running every painful test in the book to figure out the problem. Ironically, it wasn't until a bored co-worker made a small comment ten minutes before the patient was about to pass away, that he realized the patient had Subpaleolithitis! {0.SimFirstName} was able to cure the patient and everyone was impressed! The boss even gave {0.SimFirstName} a raise!» → «A Sim came in today with an unknown sickness and it looked grim. Everyone gave up and threw in the towel, but not {0.SimFirstName}! He pulled out all the stops, running every painful test in the book to figure out the problem. Ironically, it wasn't until a bored co-worker made a small comment ten minutes before the patient was about to pass away, that he realized the patient had Subpaleolithitis! {0.SimFirstName} was able to cure the patient and everyone was impressed! The boss even gave {0.SimFirstName} a raise!»
«End of the Line Boxcar Diner» → «End of the Line Boxcar Diner»
«• Your Sim will learn the traits of other Sims more quickly through socializing.» → «• Your Sim will learn the traits of other Sims more quickly through socialising.»
«If you really love your plants, you might want to honor them with an atrium sculpture!» → «If you really love your plants, you might want to honour them with an atrium sculpture!»
«Miriam hails from a small town of 15 Sims where everyone knew each other’s names and everything about their personal life. To her, Moonlight Falls is bustling city and it’s easy for her to feel lost in the crowd. Miriam expects everything to be in its place, is resistant change, and certainly cannot understand the life of a supernatural. She knew something was up the moment she moved to Moonlight Falls and hopes that by running for office she can shed some truth onto the town.  She will lead by example, her family a shining beacon of normalcy in the murky skies above Moonlight Falls. Everything will turn out perfectly.» → «Miriam hails from a small town of 15 Sims where everyone knew each other’s names and everything about their personal life. To her, Moonlight Falls is bustling city and it’s easy for her to feel lost in the crowd. Miriam expects everything to be in its place, is resistant change, and certainly cannot understand the life of a supernatural. She knew something was up the moment she moved to Moonlight Falls and hopes that by running for office she can shed some truth onto the town. She will lead by example, her family a shining beacon of normalcy in the murky skies above Moonlight Falls. Everything will turn out perfectly.»
«Fish Analyzed: {0.Number}» → «Fish Analysed: {0.Number}»
«When it comes to candy, your Sim lives on the edge. Mixed flavors can’t provide the thrill of random magical side-effects. Have your Sim eat a magic jelly bean.» → «When it comes to candy, your Sim lives on the edge. Mixed flavours can’t provide the thrill of random magical side-effects. Have your Sim eat a magic jelly bean.»
«Balanced Barn Door (two stories)» → «Balanced Barn Door (two floors)»
«Now that I’m retired, it’s time to really start living! I plan on traveling and seeing things that I didn’t have time to do when I was working. Please give me a wardrobe that will allow me to be active and still look good.» → «Now that I’m retired, it’s time to really start living! I plan on travelling and seeing things that I didn’t have time to do when I was working. Please give me a wardrobe that will allow me to be active and still look good.»
«Best Barn Door (two stories)» → «Best Barn Door (two floors)»
«Every bite shouldn't contain flavors from everything else in the fridge. Quality fridges never have this problem!» → «Every bite shouldn't contain flavours from everything else in the fridge. Quality fridges never have this problem!»
«Socialize by texting friends while paying some attention to the exam.» → «Socialise by texting friends while paying some attention to the exam.»
«Attend the post-game interview at the {OpTarget}.» → «Attend the post-match interview at the {OpTarget}.»
«Proving to be a true master of foosball, {0.SimName} won the tourney with the most wins!  {0.SimName} was declared the official Foosball Champion and won some money to boot!» → «Proving to be a true master of foosball, {0.SimName} won the tourney with the most wins! {0.SimName} was declared the official Foosball Champion and won some money to boot!»
«A Creeping And Crawling expert has caught {0.Number} Beetles.  As a reward, the chance of catching and finding rarer Beetles is increased.» → «A Creeping And Crawling expert has caught {0.Number} Beetles. As a reward, the chance of catching and finding rarer Beetles is increased.»
«Join Pool Game» → «Join Snooker Game»
«{0.SimFirstName} just tuned the exhaust of the {1.ObjectName}!» → «{0.SimFirstName} just tuned the exhaust of the {1.ObjectName}!»
«Orange is a tricky color to rhyme and an even harder one to wear, but somehow {0.SimFirstName} pulls it off!» → «Orange is a tricky colour to rhyme and an even harder one to wear, but somehow {0.SimFirstName} pulls it off!»
«A great director can manipulate the emotions of the audience with images and words. Any great film requires a great screenplay, so ambitious directors must hone their writing craft to learn to bring the audience to tears, joy, and heart-pounding action with her pen. Directors that want their skill recognized by their peers can't hide in the shadows, so becoming a well-known Celebrity is a must.» → «A great director can manipulate the emotions of the audience with images and words. Any great film requires a great screenplay, so ambitious directors must hone their writing craft to learn to bring the audience to tears, joy, and heart-pounding action with her pen. Directors that want their skill recognised by their peers can't hide in the shadows, so becoming a well-known Celebrity is a must.»
«One Leo Center - 2br, 2ba» → «One Leo Centre - 2br, 2ba»
«Set Water Color...» → «Set Water Colour...»
«Yes! YES!! That was the best snow cone that has ever been made ever! {0.SimFirstName} feels ready to grab life by the throat and throttle every last bit of fun out of it!» → «Yes! YES!! That was the best sorbet that has ever been made ever! {0.SimFirstName} feels ready to grab life by the throat and throttle every last bit of fun out of it!»
«Have a Sim become an Emperor of Evil in the Criminal Career then serve 20 batches of great cookies» → «Have a Sim become an Emperor of Evil in the Criminal Career then serve 20 batches of great biscuits»
«Johanna follows in the footsteps of her father and grandfather, both great stand up comedians. Her quick wit and smart sense of humor has earned her the reputation as one of the funniest actresses in the city. As a single mom, she fears that her unusual work hours can be detrimental to her daughter's upbringing.» → «Johanna follows in the footsteps of her father and grandfather, both great stand up comedians. Her quick wit and smart sense of humor has earned her the reputation as one of the funniest actresses in the city. As a single mum, she fears that her unusual work hours can be detrimental to her daughter's upbringing.»
«The Eye is upon you! And everyone else who walks within a quarter-mile. Proprietary spectro-hypnotic technology from Wells Lighting attracts walk-in customers like swarms of addled insects!» → «The Eye is upon you! And everyone else who walks within a 400m radius. Proprietary spectro-hypnotic technology from Wells Lighting attracts walk-in customers like swarms of addled insects!»
«Well, that's about as much fun as I can have for one trip.  I've got to get back home.  Thanks for letting me stay with you!» → «Well, that's about as much fun as I can have for one trip. I've got to get back home. Thanks for letting me stay with you!»
«There is a problem connecting to the server. Please ensure your internet connection is active. If the problem persists try again later.» → «There is a problem connecting to the server. Please ensure your internet connection is active. If the problem persists try again later.»
«Small, Square Floor Tiles in Two Colors» → «Small, Square Floor Tiles in Two Colours»
«Localization Producers» → «Localisation Producers»
«Collect {0.Number} types of gems, and the rarest gem cut shape will be bestowed upon your Sim!  Watch out… it’s valuable!» → «Collect {0.Number} types of gems, and the rarest gem cut shape will be bestowed upon your Sim! Watch out… it’s valuable!»
«Read "Molding Young Minds" to improve your job performance and increase your relationship with your boss.» → «Read "Moulding Young Minds" to improve your job performance and increase your relationship with your boss.»
«Play Game at Stadium» → «Play Match at Stadium»
«Greetings, I’m Emit Relevart! You seem like an adventurous Sim. Perhaps you'd like to use my Time Portal. All Time Travelers need an almanac to chart how your actions in the present reflect your Sims' future in Oasis Landing!» → «Greetings, I’m Emit Relevart! You seem like an adventurous Sim. Perhaps you'd like to use my Time Portal. All Time Travellers need an almanac to chart how your actions in the present reflect your Sims' future in Oasis Landing!»
«You are a household name. Talk show hosts beg you to come and dazzle audiences with your insight on swank style. Sims everywhere dream of having you redesign their home in order to diversify their disinteresting lives. Now that the world is hanging on your every brushstroke, and contemplating your every color combination, create something exceptionally memorable for all the world to admire!» → «You are a household name. Talk show hosts beg you to come and dazzle audiences with your insight on swank style. Sims everywhere dream of having you redesign their home in order to diversify their disinteresting lives. Now that the world is hanging on your every brushstroke, and contemplating your every colour combination, create something exceptionally memorable for all the world to admire!»
«These grounds stand atop an ancient burial ground or something  more dreadful. There is a chill in the air, as if thousands of restless spirits are spying your every move.» → «These grounds stand atop an ancient burial ground or something more dreadful. There is a chill in the air, as if thousands of restless spirits are spying your every move.»
«Localization Testing» → «Localisation Testing»
«The Stadium has provided the school with a handful of free tickets to an upcoming game. Students who take advantage of this opportunity will receive a boost to their school performance. Get to The Stadium before the game ends and your grades will surely improve.» → «The Stadium has provided the school with a handful of free tickets to an upcoming match. Students who take advantage of this opportunity will receive a boost to their school performance. Get to The Stadium before the match ends and your grades will surely improve.»
«Your desk is an important piece of furniture. You don’t want some lame, wobbly table -- you want a desk you could park your car on. The SolidDesk 9000 is that desk. Carved from one massive piece of fossilized wood, laced with mithril, and then encased in carbonate, this is the single most solid desk in the universe. It is so dense, it actually attracts smaller desks. The SolidDesk 9000: That’s A Solid Desk!» → «Your desk is an important piece of furniture. You don’t want some lame, wobbly table — you want a desk you could park your car on. The SolidDesk 9000 is that desk. Carved from one massive piece of fossilised wood, laced with mithril, and then encased in carbonate, this is the single most solid desk in the universe. It is so dense, it actually attracts smaller desks. The SolidDesk 9000: That’s A Solid Desk!»
«Get to know your neighbors around this fire pit!» → «Get to know your neighbours around this fire pit!»
«These old bricks have seen many travelers walk across its paths.» → «These old bricks have seen many travellers walk across its paths.»
«The best way to introduce yourself to a pet is to let that pet sniff your hand.  Your Sim wants to let a pet sniff your Sim's hand.» → «The best way to introduce yourself to a pet is to let that pet sniff your hand. Your Sim wants to let a pet sniff your Sim's hand.»
«Xenophobic Travelogue #{0.Number}» → «Attacking Pontius #{0.Number}»
«Volcanic Mechanic #{0.Number}» → «The Billboard #{0.Number}»
«Sagebrush and Sixguns #{0.Number}» → «Fortune Sixguns #{0.Number}»
«Catacomb spelunking is a long celebrated tradition that typically results in shoddy finds. Luckily for {0.SimFirstName},  a {1.String} was just found!» → «Catacomb spelunking is a long celebrated tradition that typically results in shoddy finds. Luckily for {0.SimFirstName}, a {1.String} was just found!»
«This professionally manicured topiary was created to resemble the popular children's network character Anna the Panda. Children from around the world will recognize her as a symbol of adventure, exploration, and cute panda humor.» → «This professionally manicured topiary was created to resemble the popular children's network character Anna the Panda. Children from around the world will recognise her as a symbol of adventure, exploration, and cute panda humour.»
«Randomize Name» → «Randomise Name»
«They call themselves 'Generation K'; the few who live to hear Das Kauker electric guitar revived in its third incarnation.  Before it came the R84 and the hard rocking R85 and now the icon lives on.  The progression may seem superficial, the 'limited edition' merely a name change, but it's so much more.  (Now with custom-made amplifier.)» → «They call themselves 'Generation K'; the few who live to hear Das Kauker electric guitar revived in its third incarnation. Before it came the R84 and the hard rocking R85 and now the icon lives on. The progression may seem superficial, the 'limited edition' merely a name change, but it's so much more. (Now with custom-made amplifier.)»
«“I never thought I’d receive fruits from around the world. I truly hope this batch of Nectar is delicious as you traveled around the world for it! Thank you so much for your dedication to my Nectar Making.”» → «“I never thought I’d receive fruits from around the world. I truly hope this batch of Nectar is delicious as you travelled around the world for it! Thank you so much for your dedication to my Nectar Making.”»
«MorcuCorp is looking for hardened adventurers for a few operations here in Egypt.  Please report to {2.String} for more information.» → «MorcuCorp is looking for hardened adventurers for a few operations here in Egypt. Please report to {2.String} for more information.»
«Make Out  With» → «Make Out With»
«PlantSims also have unique ways of expressing their fondness or dislike for Sims with kisses. Flower Kisses are a way to make a Sim obsess over your PlantSim while Poisonous Kisses will turn their stomachs. Other Sims can socialize with PlantSims to Ask for Herbs.» → «PlantSims also have unique ways of expressing their fondness or dislike for Sims with kisses. Flower Kisses are a way to make a Sim obsess over your PlantSim while Poisonous Kisses will turn their stomachs. Other Sims can socialise with PlantSims to Ask for Herbs.»
«PlantSims, being a product of nature and science, will learn the Gardening and Science Skills at an accelerated rate. That being said, PlantSims can also be cured with a visit to the Science Center or with a Bottle of Super Spice.» → «PlantSims, being a product of nature and science, will learn the Gardening and Science Skills at an accelerated rate. That being said, PlantSims can also be cured with a visit to the Science Centre or with a Bottle of Super Spice.»
«PlantSims are unique and have different needs than normal Sims. For instance, since they are more flora than fauna, they do not need to eat and will absorb nutrients from their surroundings. They also utilize fluids in a far more efficient manner than normal Sims and never need to empty their Bladder.» → «PlantSims are unique and have different needs than normal Sims. For instance, since they are more flora than fauna, they do not need to eat and will absorb nutrients from their surroundings. They also utilise fluids in a far more efficient manner than normal Sims and never need to empty their Bladder.»
«Puppies and kittens galore!  This guarantees large litters for your pet.» → «Puppies and kittens galore! This guarantees large litters for your pet.»
«Making a charitable donation is as easy as placing an envelope in the mail, but the warm feelings from doing a good deed will last for a long time!» → «Making a charitable donation is as easy as placing an envelope in the post, but the warm feelings from doing a good deed will last for a long time!»
«A column from the ruins of an ancient civilization.» → «A column from the ruins of an ancient civilisation.»
«Ready for your Sims to reach new heights? Try out the Jetpack! To equip it, place it in the inventory and then select “Start Using Jetpack.” After it’s equipped, new interactions will appear when clicking on the Jetpack for traveling to other lots. Clicking on the Sim will also show new interactions. When two Sims have Jetpacks equipped, there is even more fun to be had on the Jetpack! To remove, click on the Sim’s Jetpack and choose “Stop Using Jetpack.”» → «Ready for your Sims to reach new heights? Try out the Jetpack! To equip it, place it in the inventory and then select “Start Using Jetpack.” After it’s equipped, new interactions will appear when clicking on the Jetpack for travelling to other lots. Clicking on the Sim will also show new interactions. When two Sims have Jetpacks equipped, there is even more fun to be had on the Jetpack! To remove, click on the Sim’s Jetpack and choose “Stop Using Jetpack.”»
«The Windcarver allows for quick travel throughout your neighborhood. To use it, place the Windcarver in your Inventory and then select “Use Instead of Walking.” Anytime your Sim is outside, they’ll choose to use the Windcarver instead of walking. If your Sim has an automobile set as their preferred transportation, the car will be used instead of the Windcarver. To stop using the Windcarver, click on it in the Inventory and choose “Don’t Use Instead of Walking.”» → «The Windcarver allows for quick travel throughout your neighbourhood. To use it, place the Windcarver in your Inventory and then select “Use Instead of Walking.” Anytime your Sim is outside, they’ll choose to use the Windcarver instead of walking. If your Sim has an automobile set as their preferred transportation, the car will be used instead of the Windcarver. To stop using the Windcarver, click on it in the Inventory and choose “Don’t Use Instead of Walking.”»
«Oh, so you think you can’t get comfortable in a waterproof chair? Guess again. Here to wipe that self-satisfied smirk right off your face is The Permalounger. It’s so darned waterproof you’ll swear you’re sitting on a pile of ducks -- only MORE COMFORTABLE! Waterproof ottoman included just to prove the point.» → «Oh, so you think you can’t get comfortable in a waterproof chair? Guess again. Here to wipe that self-satisfied smirk right off your face is The Permalounger. It’s so darned waterproof you’ll swear you’re sitting on a pile of ducks — only MORE COMFORTABLE! Waterproof ottoman included just to prove the point.»
«The Bachelors are a tightly knit family and Simis sees to it that everything – and everyone – is in its place. Now if only the other neighborhood kids were as well behaved as his Michael and Bella.» → «The Bachelors are a tightly knit family and Simis sees to it that everything – and everyone – is in its place. Now if only the other neighbourhood kids were as well behaved as his Michael and Bella.»
«Coat Color Shift» → «Coat Colour Shift»
«You placed an Equestrian Center. This location is the place to be when you're ready to enter your horse in a competition, breed your horse, or simply buy and sell horses.» → «You placed an Equestrian Centre. This location is the place to be when you're ready to enter your horse in a competition, breed your horse, or simply buy and sell horses.»
«With some spray paint and a healthy dose of moxie, {0.SimFirstName} beautified {MA.his}{FA.her} neighborhood.» → «With some spray paint and a healthy dose of moxie, {0.SimFirstName} beautified {MA.his}{FA.her} neighbourhood.»
«Deja View Theatre» → «Deja View Cinema»
«You've dominated the local and professional scene and now you're looking for a bigger and badder challenge. You'll be racing against the likes of riders names you can't even pronounce, or have only seen on high-priced Pay-Per-SimView Events.  Do well here and you'll be set for life. Your Sim wishes to Enter an International Racing Competition.» → «You've dominated the local and professional scene and now you're looking for a bigger and badder challenge. You'll be racing against the likes of riders names you can't even pronounce, or have only seen on high-priced Pay-Per-SimView Events. Do well here and you'll be set for life. Your Sim wishes to Enter an International Racing Competition.»
«Watching one's favorite local sports team in person is a thrill for any superfan!» → «Watching one's favourite local sports team in person is a thrill for any superfan!»
«Tally Ho! As fine a country cottage as there ever was, Rose Haven is the ideal place for a spot of tea or a game of cricket. If your Sims are lucky, they may just go in for a bit of snoggin' as well.» → «Tally Ho! As fine a country cottage as there ever was, Rose Haven is the ideal place for a spot of tea or a match of cricket. If your Sims are lucky, they may just go in for a bit of snoggin' as well.»
«Gomez» → «Aldric»
«This house was built for a Sim who’s not afraid to display a house full of luxuries. This three floor mansion features a timeless, classic architecture, and it was built using the most exquisite materials Simoleons can buy.  With more than enough room inside and outside to entertain extravagant parties, you’ll always have room for everyone on your guest list.» → «This house was built for a Sim who’s not afraid to display a house full of luxuries. This three floor mansion features a timeless, classic architecture, and it was built using the most exquisite materials Simoleons can buy. With more than enough room inside and outside to entertain extravagant parties, you’ll always have room for everyone on your guest list.»
«What a tasty beverage! Who’d have imagined that {0.SimFirstName}’s favorite drink would perfectly match {MA.his}{FA.her} favorite color?» → «What a tasty beverage! Who’d have imagined that {0.SimFirstName}’s favourite drink would perfectly match {MA.his}{FA.her} favourite colour?»
«New Ways To Vandalize Your Heart» → «New Ways To Vandalise Your Heart»
«The Big Boss was very impressed with your invisible box routine…until he realized you weren’t actually in a box. Using your methods, his henchman can only escape from imaginary jail cells.» → «The Big Boss was very impressed with your invisible box routine…until he realised you weren’t actually in a box. Using your methods, his henchman can only escape from imaginary jail cells.»
«From Nicholas Wickerman’s Fine Furniture comes this charming dining chair. Simple, breezy; these chairs are perfect for any casual gathering. They provide comfort without sacrificing décor.  And with their strong but lightweight frames, they’re easy to rearrange for any occasion. You have a lot of options for your wicker needs, but you’ve gotta try a Wickerman’s!» → «From Nicholas Wickerman’s Fine Furniture comes this charming dining chair. Simple, breezy; these chairs are perfect for any casual gathering. They provide comfort without sacrificing décor. And with their strong but lightweight frames, they’re easy to rearrange for any occasion. You have a lot of options for your wicker needs, but you’ve gotta try a Wickerman’s!»
«{1.SimName} looked like {MB.he}{FB.she} could use a little more satisfaction out of life, and thanks to {0.SimName}, {MB.he}{FB.she} will feel twice as happy from realizing {MB.his}{FB.her} wishes thanks to a dash of the Wish Enhancing Serum.» → «{1.SimName} looked like {MB.he}{FB.she} could use a little more satisfaction out of life, and thanks to {0.SimName}, {MB.he}{FB.she} will feel twice as happy from realising {MB.his}{FB.her} wishes thanks to a dash of the Wish Enhancing Serum.»
«No longer shall fish swim alone.  They will bask together under the glow of the fluorescent light, frolick in bubble fields, and wade in algae blooms; it's the next best thing to being in the ocean.  Perfect for the serious angler or the casual ichthyologist, there's no classier way to display fine aquatic specimen or other precious loot!» → «No longer shall fish swim alone. They will bask together under the glow of the fluorescent light, frolick in bubble fields, and wade in algae blooms; it's the next best thing to being in the ocean. Perfect for the serious angler or the casual ichthyologist, there's no classier way to display fine aquatic specimen or other precious loot!»
«Getting to write the biography of an important Sim is an honor for any author. Now it's time to lay the juiciest details out on the table!» → «Getting to write the biography of an important Sim is an honour for any author. Now it's time to lay the juiciest details out on the table!»
«For years, neighborhood children have plundered kitchens for wax paper to expedite their downward progression on park slides. Lock your cupboards no more, parents! The Waxbottom Slide is built with integrated Hyper-Wax 2300 Speed Solution to make it the fastest slide on the planet.» → «For years, neighbourhood children have plundered kitchens for wax paper to expedite their downward progression on park slides. Lock your cupboards no more, parents! The Waxbottom Slide is built with integrated Hyper-Wax 2300 Speed Solution to make it the fastest slide on the planet.»
«{0.SimFirstName} can now prepare Grilled Cheese and Goopy Carbonara. Delicious!» → «{0.SimFirstName} can now prepare Grilled Cheese and Spaghetti Carbonara. Delicious!»
«It’s so great of you to share your Tri-Tip Steaks with your friends and neighbors, though it certainly doesn’t hurt that you can earn some money for doing so!» → «It’s so great of you to share your Tri-Tip Steaks with your friends and neighbours, though it certainly doesn’t hurt that you can earn some money for doing so!»
«The Jumping Skill is a horse only skill that makes it more likely for the horse to successfully clear jumps. It also increases a horse's performance in certain Equestrian Center competitions.» → «The Jumping Skill is a horse only skill that makes it more likely for the horse to successfully clear jumps. It also increases a horse's performance in certain Equestrian Centre competitions.»
«There are many ways to gain jumping skill. You can start off by doing the easier jumps over the Cavaletti and then move on to the more difficult gate and rail obstacles. Horses can also gain jumping skill by competing in Jumping or Cross-Country competitions in the Equestrian Center.» → «There are many ways to gain jumping skill. You can start off by doing the easier jumps over the Cavaletti and then move on to the more difficult gate and rail obstacles. Horses can also gain jumping skill by competing in Jumping or Cross-Country competitions in the Equestrian Centre.»
«You've got mail!» → «You've got post!»
«Finally! I was worried I lost my ability to encounter shady individuals on a consistent basis. I saw two Sims exchanging information -- one of whom was {OpTarget}, a local journalist. I should confront the journalist to find out what {OpSourceFirstName} can tell me.» → «Finally! I was worried I lost my ability to encounter shady individuals on a consistent basis. I saw two Sims exchanging information — one of whom was {OpTarget}, a local journalist. I should confront the journalist to find out what {OpSourceFirstName} can tell me.»
«Neutralize» → «Neutralise»
«Many vehicles claim to be the car of the future, but ours is the only one that actually traveled back to your time from the future! Featuring technology we’re not allowed to describe because of the impact it would have on the development of your culture, the Galaxa can carry you to any point in space and time almost instantaneously. (Please note that all earthbound models are restricted to low impulse engines only.)» → «Many vehicles claim to be the car of the future, but ours is the only one that actually travelled back to your time from the future! Featuring technology we’re not allowed to describe because of the impact it would have on the development of your culture, the Galaxa can carry you to any point in space and time almost instantaneously. (Please note that all earthbound models are restricted to low impulse engines only.)»
«Someone discovered that {0.SimFirstName} has been stealing from the campaign fund!  Crime has cost {0.SimFirstName} his career.» → «Someone discovered that {0.SimFirstName} has been stealing from the campaign fund! Crime has cost {0.SimFirstName} his career.»
«Hello buddy.  My proximity sensors are not picking you up, so I will be waiting for you on your home lot.» → «Hello buddy. My proximity sensors are not picking you up, so I will be waiting for you on your home lot.»
«For better or worse, arrangements were made with the local criminal organization. This must be rectified! Travel to the Criminal Hideout to deliver this documentation so it can be shredded safely, away from prying eyes. You’ll be given a raise for your assistance in this matter, but only if you hurry!» → «For better or worse, arrangements were made with the local criminal organisation. This must be rectified! Travel to the Criminal Hideout to deliver this documentation so it can be shredded safely, away from prying eyes. You’ll be given a raise for your assistance in this matter, but only if you hurry!»
«Someone around town has been spreading a rumor that {0.SimName} got arrested! Who would do that?» → «Someone around town has been spreading a rumour that {0.SimName} got arrested! Who would do that?»
«Someone around town has been spreading rumors that {0.SimName} got into a fight with someone. Who would do such a thing?» → «Someone around town has been spreading rumours that {0.SimName} got into a fight with someone. Who would do such a thing?»
«Someone around town has been spreading rumors that {0.SimName} was out rummaging through other Sims' garbage cans. Who could have done this?» → «Someone around town has been spreading rumours that {0.SimName} was out rummaging through other Sims' garbage cans. Who could have done this?»
«Someone around town has been spreading rumors that {0.SimName} peed on {MA.himself}{FA.herself} in public. Who would dare do this?» → «Someone around town has been spreading rumours that {0.SimName} peed on {MA.himself}{FA.herself} in public. Who would dare do this?»
«"Analyze Mystery Goo" at the Science Facility» → «"Analyse Mystery Goo" at the Science Facility»
«Oh man! {1.SimFirstName} totally forgot about returning this book that he borrowed from his neighbor.  Oh well, as they say, better late than never!» → «Oh man! {1.SimFirstName} totally forgot about returning this book that he borrowed from his neighbour. Oh well, as they say, better late than never!»
«{2.SimName} has just adopted a Unicorn. It'll be a long time coming before {MA.He}{FA.She}'ll forget when this magical creature became part of the family.» → «{2.SimName} has just adopted a Unicorn. It'll be a long time coming before {MA.He}{FA.She}'ll forget when this magical creature became part of the family.»
«On starting a saved game after installing, you may be given an opportunity to place new community lots on empty lots or over occupied commercial lots.  The game will walk you through the process.» → «On starting a saved game after installing, you may be given an opportunity to place new community lots on empty lots or over occupied commercial lots. The game will walk you through the process.»
«When you begin a new game in Sunset Valley or Riverview, some new types of community lots will be in the world waiting for you.  You'll notice a Fire Station, Salon, Junkyard, and Consignment Store.» → «When you begin a new game in Sunset Valley or Riverview, some new types of community lots will be in the world waiting for you. You'll notice a Fire Station, Salon, Junkyard, and Thrift Shop.»
«You can place these community lots (or more of them) at any time by entering Edit Town mode and plopping down copies of them from the community lot catalog.» → «You can place these community lots (or more of them) at any time by entering Edit Town mode and plopping down copies of them from the community lot catalogue.»
«Bent Color Spectrum» → «Bent Colour Spectrum»
«The first step in wand upgrades, this wand was built for the beginner in mind as they work their way up the magic wand ladder. Though its name might suggest otherwise, it actually does not provide any benefits to hot headed or redhead Sims. Instead, it’ll help you make a bold fashion statement to others that you truly are capable of color coordination.\n\nSpell Accuracy: Low\nMagic Cost Efficiency: Low» → «The first step in wand upgrades, this wand was built for the beginner in mind as they work their way up the magic wand ladder. Though its name might suggest otherwise, it actually does not provide any benefits to hot headed or redhead Sims. Instead, it’ll help you make a bold fashion statement to others that you truly are capable of colour coordination.\n\nSpell Accuracy: Low\nMagic Cost Efficiency: Low»
«“I was able to locate the Ruby while you were gone. Seeing as how the Ruby didn't come cheap, if you could bring me one more Relic worth at least 500 Simoleons I would greatful. I may have a few for sale right here in my store if you wanted to purchase it, Ha Ha Ha!"» → «“I was able to locate the Ruby while you were gone. Seeing as how the Ruby didn't come cheap, if you could bring me one more Relic worth at least 500 Simoleons I would be grateful. I may have a few for sale right here in my store if you wanted to purchase it, Ha Ha Ha!"»
«{0.SimFirstName} just finished the vaudeville novel {2.String}, which clearly demonstrates years of writing practice and a careful grasp of humor.» → «{0.SimFirstName} just finished the vaudeville novel {2.String}, which clearly demonstrates years of writing practice and a careful grasp of humour.»
«Snitcher» → «Cottingley»
«{2.SimName} saw a Unicorn for the first time. Awestruck by the long and elegent carved horn, the swishing full tail, and the mere magical aura surrounding them, the Unicorn is a once in a lifetime sight to be seen!» → «{2.SimName} saw a Unicorn for the first time. Awestruck by the long and elegent carved horn, the swishing full tail, and the mere magical aura surrounding them, the Unicorn is a once in a lifetime sight to be seen!»
«Abigail is a tomboy who knows what she wants and has no trouble letting others know when things aren’t going her way. Even as a toddler, she had a fascination with automobiles and never cared for a pink dress, opting instead for jeans and a t-shirt. Instead of playing with dolls she’d rather be out throwing the football or getting dirty and eating worms. With the support of her parents to be unique, Abigail’s tomboyish ways are unlikely to change.» → «Abigail is a tomboy who knows what she wants and has no trouble letting others know when things aren’t going her way. Even as a toddler, she had a fascination with automobiles and never cared for a pink dress, opting instead for jeans and a T-shirt. Instead of playing with dolls she’d rather be out throwing the rugby ball or getting dirty and eating worms. With the support of her parents to be unique, Abigail’s tomboyish ways are unlikely to change.»
«The Protest that {0.SimName} organized was a huge success! Skills will increase at a quicker rate for a little while.» → «The Protest that {0.SimName} organised was a huge success! Skills will increase at a quicker rate for a little while.»
«{0.SimFirstName} was at the docks watching a passenger ship filled with immigrants attempt to unload its cargo.  The harbormaster was giving one family a really hard time.  {0.SimFirstName} put a stop to it immediately by chastising the harbormaster brutally in front of everyone.  The head of the {1.String} family was very grateful and promised to remember {0.SimFirstName}'s help for all time.  Oops, well, what can one small change in the time line do?» → «{0.SimFirstName} was at the docks watching a passenger ship filled with immigrants attempt to unload its cargo. The harbourmaster was giving one family a really hard time. {0.SimFirstName} put a stop to it immediately by chastising the harbourmaster brutally in front of everyone. The head of the {1.String} family was very grateful and promised to remember {0.SimFirstName}'s help for all time. Oops, well, what can one small change in the time line do?»
«{0.SimFirstName} was hanging out at Fort Killarney chatting with settlers when a despondent settler burst into the saloon crying about wanting to turn around and go back to Illinois.  {0.SimFirstName} managed to convince the poor patriarch of the {1.String} Clan to continue on.  That shouldn't change the time line too much, right?» → «{0.SimFirstName} was hanging out at Fort Killarney chatting with settlers when a despondent settler burst into the saloon crying about wanting to turn around and go back to Illinois. {0.SimFirstName} managed to convince the poor patriarch of the {1.String} Clan to continue on. That shouldn't change the time line too much, right?»
«While walking along a massive glacier in the Ice Age, {0.SimFirstName} spotted a Mastodon charging a group of people.  Wasting no time, {0.SimFirstName} ran to their aid, releasing a mighty battle cry and scaring off the massive beast.  Unable to understand anything but their name, the {1.String}'s, {0.SimFirstName} was glad that {MA.he}{FA.she} saved a household from being wiped out.  Hopefully this has no ramifications for the future.» → «While walking along a massive glacier in the Ice Age, {0.SimFirstName} spotted a Mastodon charging a group of people. Wasting no time, {0.SimFirstName} ran to their aid, releasing a mighty battle cry and scaring off the massive beast. Unable to understand anything but their name, the {1.String}'s, {0.SimFirstName} was glad that {MA.he}{FA.she} saved a household from being wiped out. Hopefully this has no ramifications for the future.»
«It’s everyone’s favorite season: Fall! Your Sim wants to celebrate the season at the Fall Festival.» → «It’s everyone’s favourite season: Fall! Your Sim wants to celebrate the season at the Fall Festival.»
«Inventors require Scrap to create inventions. Scrap can be found at the local junkyard, or at higher skill levels, can be obtained by detonating objects found throughout the world.\\n\\nDo you wish to learn more about Inventing Skill?» → «Inventors require Scrap to create inventions. Scrap can be found at the local scrapyard, or at higher skill levels, can be obtained by detonating objects found throughout the world.\\n\\nDo you wish to learn more about Inventing Skill?»
«Specially designed to accommodate large food service vehicles and resist to mustard stains, a Food Truck Parking Space is a must for every business or public facility!» → «Specially designed to accommodate large food service vehicles and resistance to mustard stains, a Food Truck Parking Space is a must for every business or public facility!»
«Sense of Humor» → «Sense of Humour»
«“Deliver Burgers” to the Police Station before time runs out to  improve your Cooking Skill.» → «“Deliver Burgers” to the Police Station before time runs out to improve your Cooking Skill.»
«While {OpOwner} didn't win the competition, victory came really close and was only lost to world renowned surgeon Nigel Balkstein.  The Hospital was hoping for a win, but a close second is fairly decent publicity still.» → «While {OpOwner} didn't win the competition, victory came really close and was only lost to world renowned surgeon Nigel Balkstein. The Hospital was hoping for a win, but a close second is fairly decent publicity still.»
«Elegant Ceiling Molding - Decorative» → «Elegant Ceiling Moulding - Decorative»
«Whoa. Were {0.SimFirstName}’s clothes always this tight? Is it time to hit the gym? Man, those extra few pounds really sneak up on you.» → «Whoa. Were {0.SimFirstName}’s clothes always this tight? Is it time to hit the gym? Man, those extra few kilograms really sneak up on you.»
«Return to this endearing home from your evening commute.  The serenity of a bedroom community can be yours.» → «Return to this endearing home from your evening commute. The serenity of a bedroom community can be yours.»
«Creating-a-Crepe...» → «Creating-a-Crêpe...»
«Your seminar was wildly successful. Reaching a room full of avid and enthusiastic supporters is always quite satisfying, but so is being recognized for your efforts with a raise.» → «Your seminar was wildly successful. Reaching a room full of avid and enthusiastic supporters is always quite satisfying, but so is being recognised for your efforts with a raise.»
«Welcome, {0.SimFirstName}! It is truly an honor to present you with the {1.String}. You are an exceptionally talented painter and a valuable member of the {TownName} art community. I personally have three of your paintings hanging in my living room at home. And another in my office at City Hall! I hope to see many more pieces of your work embellish the walls of {TownName} in the future.» → «Welcome, {0.SimFirstName}! It is truly an honour to present you with the {1.String}. You are an exceptionally talented painter and a valuable member of the {TownName} art community. I personally have three of your paintings hanging in my living room at home. And another in my office at City Hall! I hope to see many more pieces of your work embellish the walls of {TownName} in the future.»
«Subway Station» → «Underground Station»
«Plumbots are fully customizable members of your household! Creating a Bot is much like creating a Sim. If you don't like the initial random Bot you have been given, you can select a Pre-made Bot or generate a new random one.» → «Plumbots are fully customisable members of your household! Creating a Bot is much like creating a Sim. If you don't like the initial random Bot you have been given, you can select a Pre-made Bot or generate a new random one.»
«Don't forget to enter Create a Style to give your Plumbot a truly customized look. Heads, torsos, arms, and legs can all be styled to create a unique Bot of your very own.» → «Don't forget to enter Create a Style to give your Plumbot a truly customised look. Heads, torsos, arms, and legs can all be styled to create a unique Bot of your very own.»
«Use the buttons on the left navigation panel to customize all the physical attributes of your Bot, from Head to Hover Jets!» → «Use the buttons on the left navigation panel to customise all the physical attributes of your Bot, from Head to Hover Jets!»
«Unrestricted access is a thing of the past. With the Small Barrier Rope, you can limit the access of a room or building to only allow your favorite Sims. Use with small doors or arches only.» → «Unrestricted access is a thing of the past. With the Small Barrier Rope, you can limit the access of a room or building to only allow your favourite Sims. Use with small doors or arches only.»
«Unrestricted access is a thing of the past. With the Large Barrier Rope, you can limit the access of a room or building to only allow your favorite Sims. Use with large doors and arches only.» → «Unrestricted access is a thing of the past. With the Large Barrier Rope, you can limit the access of a room or building to only allow your favourite Sims. Use with large doors and arches only.»
«...the call was coming from inside the house!» → «...the call was coming from inside the house!»
«We don't accept whining here.  Only Simoleons.  Come back when you have 'em.» → «We don't accept whining here. Only Simoleons. Come back when you have 'em.»
«You can't afford it.  We have this policy where our patrons give us money, and we give them drinks.  Understand?» → «You can't afford it. We have this policy where our patrons give us money, and we give them drinks. Understand?»
«No free drinks... for you.  Come back when you're a hot celeb and have lots of cash -- we let them drink free!» → «No free drinks... for you. Come back when you're a hot celeb and have lots of cash — we let them drink free!»
«Listen, Champ, you can't afford to drink here.  Try getting a job like everyone else.» → «Listen, Champ, you can't afford to drink here. Try getting a job like everyone else.»
«You can't afford it.  Scram!» → «You can't afford it. Scram!»
«The Bistro is training some new employees and would like to show them what Excellent quality Crepes look and taste like. They’ve asked you to prepare some at home and bring them in to the restaurant.» → «The Bistro is training some new employees and would like to show them what Excellent quality Crêpes look and taste like. They’ve asked you to prepare some at home and bring them in to the restaurant.»
«Drip Drop didn’t want to leave those foundationless two and a quarter story buildings out in the cold. After all, they need faux drainpipes too! Dress up that drab building in a snap and be amazed at how easily these faux drainpipe will accessorize your building. Your imaginary water will be routing in no time at all!» → «Drip Drop didn’t want to leave those foundationless two and a quarter story buildings out in the cold. After all, they need faux drainpipes too! Dress up that drab building in a snap and be amazed at how easily these faux drainpipe will accessorise your building. Your imaginary water will be routing in no time at all!»
«Powerful "Greeting" social interactions are unlocked as your Sim progresses in the Charisma Skill. These allow Sims to begin any conversation however they please, be it Romantic or Funny! The best way to increase your Sim's Charisma Skill is by socializing with other Sims!» → «Powerful "Greeting" social interactions are unlocked as your Sim progresses in the Charisma Skill. These allow Sims to begin any conversation however they please, be it Romantic or Funny! The best way to increase your Sim's Charisma Skill is by socialising with other Sims!»
«Sims can learn the Charisma Skill by practicing speeches in front of their mirror, taking a class, or reading up on the subject. Very charismatic Sims are wizzes of socializing and can make friends nearly instantly!» → «Sims can learn the Charisma Skill by practicing speeches in front of their mirror, taking a class, or reading up on the subject. Very charismatic Sims are wizzes of socialising and can make friends nearly instantly!»
«Your Sim wants to buy something that'll really improve the house. Look in the Buy Catalog, but use the Family's Funds wisely!» → «Your Sim wants to buy something that'll really improve the house. Look in the Buy Catalogue, but use the Family's Funds wisely!»
«Deal with Daycare Emergencies for Clients as they come.» → «Deal with Nursery Emergencies for Clients as they come.»
«One of the finest and most flavorful fish grilled until it's ready to be enjoyed.» → «One of the finest and most flavourful fish grilled until it's ready to be enjoyed.»
«Turn the most mundane hallway into a starship corridor! Set at ankle height, these flux oscillation glow panels are sure to impress friends and neighbors.» → «Turn the most mundane hallway into a starship corridor! Set at ankle height, these flux oscillation glow panels are sure to impress friends and neighbours.»
«In an effort to quell rumors, Chapman & Graham, makers of the Sir Cunningham Window, have released the following statement: “There are no toxins in the Sir Cunningham, absolutely none. And when we say none, we mean a certain amount."» → «In an effort to quell rumours, Chapman & Graham, makers of the Sir Cunningham Window, have released the following statement: “There are no toxins in the Sir Cunningham, absolutely none. And when we say none, we mean a certain amount."»
«Turn the most mundane hallway into a starship corridor! Set at ankle height, these extra-wide flux oscillation glow panels are sure to impress friends and neighbors.» → «Turn the most mundane hallway into a starship corridor! Set at ankle height, these extra-wide flux oscillation glow panels are sure to impress friends and neighbours.»
«Dilapidated Theater Hut» → «Dilapidated Cinema Hut»
«You, {0.SimName}, have achieved the highest honors for mastering the Laser Rhythm-a-con. Please accept this framed certificate and display it proudly.» → «You, {0.SimName}, have achieved the highest honours for mastering the Laser Rhythm-a-con. Please accept this framed certificate and display it proudly.»
«The Hogan Hall of Guitar Heroism \n hereby recognizes \n {0.SimName} \n as having exceptional and notable skills in the areas of shredding, plucking, tapping and/or strumming. \n \n Awarded: {DateAndTime}, Witnessing Officer: Mr. K C Hogan» → «The Hogan Hall of Guitar Heroism \n hereby recognises \n {0.SimName} \n as having exceptional and notable skills in the areas of shredding, plucking, tapping and/or strumming. \n \n Awarded: {DateAndTime}, Witnessing Officer: Mr. K C Hogan»
«It's a happy day for all when a family member graduates from high school. Put that sibling rivalry aside and celebrate!» → «It's a happy day for all when a family member graduates from secondary school. Put that sibling rivalry aside and celebrate!»
«Great woolly llamas, these snails are wonderful! Just look at those rainbow colors!» → «Great woolly llamas, these snails are wonderful! Just look at those rainbow colours!»
«Minor Leaguer» → «Lower divisions player»
«“That gourd needs a face!” some inspired young Sim cried a long time ago, and to this day we honor that random tradition on Spooky Day. Your Sim wants to carve a wild design into a pumpkin.» → «“That gourd needs a face!” some inspired young Sim cried a long time ago, and to this day we honour that random tradition on Spooky Day. Your Sim wants to carve a wild design into a pumpkin.»
«Whether making it easy to grab-and-go for gear or providing a place for a favorite bear when it’s not sleepy-time, these lockers are a sure-fire way to at least give the appearance that all is tidy.» → «Whether making it easy to grab-and-go for gear or providing a place for a favourite bear when it’s not sleepy-time, these lockers are a sure-fire way to at least give the appearance that all is tidy.»
«A friendship like this can withstand the trials and tribulation of time. After all the weird looks and disbelief, everyone can now see that special childhood friend is real!» → «A friendship like this can withstand the trials and tribulation of time. After all the weird looks and disbelief, everyone can now see that special childhood friend is real!»
«The best movies are always showing at the theatre. Your Sim hopes to catch a flick soon. Check the theatre to see if there is a movie showing. Don't forget weekend matinees!» → «The best movies are always showing at the cinema. Your Sim hopes to catch a flick soon. Check the cinema to see if there is a movie showing. Don't forget weekend matinees!»
«The quintessential  mushroom that sets the bar for all others.» → «The quintessential mushroom that sets the bar for all others.»
«Congratulations! {0.SimFirstName} has reached the fifth level of the competitive chess circuit and has completed the Chess Grand Master Skill Challenge! Check {0.SimFirstName}’s Skill Journal for information about the reward.» → «Congratulations! {0.SimFirstName} has reached the fifth level of the competitive chess tour and has completed the Chess Grand Master Skill Challenge! Check {0.SimFirstName}’s Skill Journal for information about the reward.»
«Warning!  This escape route for use by pharaohs only!  -- King Amunemhet III» → «Warning! This escape route for use by pharaohs only! — King Amunemhet III»
«Excellent! I’d take you for a colorful native myself. Now, get out there and explore!» → «Excellent! I’d take you for a colourful native myself. Now, get out there and explore!»
«Elegant Ceiling Molding - Corner» → «Elegant Ceiling Moulding - Corner»
«{1.SimFirstName} has secured a plethora of advice both good and generous.  {1.SimFirstName} should head back home and report in on their findings.» → «{1.SimFirstName} has secured a plethora of advice both good and generous. {1.SimFirstName} should head back home and report in on their findings.»
«Once of the Relics you brought to the station contained some contraband hidden within, confirming the agency's suspicious.  You were commended for your efforts and given a raise!» → «Once of the Relics you brought to the station contained some contraband hidden within, confirming the agency's suspicious. You were commended for your efforts and given a raise!»
«Organize Music» → «Organise Music»
«Play Pool» → «Play Snooker»
«Gumshoe isn’t just a title -- it’s a precursor to snatching bad guys before they’re even aware of what hit them. Get your gear and hit the streets, because your training to become a super sleuth starts now.» → «Gumshoe isn’t just a title — it’s a precursor to snatching bad guys before they’re even aware of what hit them. Get your gear and hit the streets, because your training to become a super sleuth starts now.»
«Crime may lurk beneath the surface of where honest citizens call home. As the newest member of the community watch, it’s time for you to help create a safe neighborhood for all. Keep an eye open for any suspicious behavior, but remember – no window peeping!» → «Crime may lurk beneath the surface of where honest citizens call home. As the newest member of the community watch, it’s time for you to help create a safe neighbourhood for all. Keep an eye open for any suspicious behavior, but remember – no window peeping!»
«You've watched enough mid-day TV courtroom dramas to know this won't be an easy gig. Analyzation is the name of the game and you’re just the one to undo any wrong doings before anyone does something rash!» → «You've watched enough mid-day TV courtroom dramas to know this won't be an easy gig. Analysation is the name of the game and you’re just the one to undo any wrong doings before anyone does something rash!»
«Self-motivation is second only to self-preservation in the solitary career of an Investigator. Track down criminals, solve mysteries, and keep the peace -- when Sims are down on their luck and have nowhere left to turn, they'll turn to you! If you're up for the challenge and can manage the stress, a life of intrigue awaits!» → «Self-motivation is second only to self-preservation in the solitary career of an Investigator. Track down criminals, solve mysteries, and keep the peace — when Sims are down on their luck and have nowhere left to turn, they'll turn to you! If you're up for the challenge and can manage the stress, a life of intrigue awaits!»
«Socialize with Another Animal» → «Socialise with Another Animal»
«Understand, this is not some gimmicky lamp that will try to predict your mood. No no no. This is a magical lamp that causes people’s moods to… shift in certain ways. A full spectrum of colors, a full spectrum of possibilities. Let the mood strike you with the Spectrum Mood Lamp.» → «Understand, this is not some gimmicky lamp that will try to predict your mood. No no no. This is a magical lamp that causes people’s moods to… shift in certain ways. A full spectrum of colours, a full spectrum of possibilities. Let the mood strike you with the Spectrum Mood Lamp.»
«Giving up so soon?  The academic council won't be happy to hear of {0.SimFirstName}'s failure.» → «Giving up so soon? The academic council won't be happy to hear of {0.SimFirstName}'s failure.»
«Light: Set Color Blue» → «Light: Set Colour Blue»
«Flying is pretty amazing, but just being  off the ground gets old after a while. Your Sim wants to get to a Magic Broom Arena and pull a stunt on a broom.» → «Flying is pretty amazing, but just being off the ground gets old after a while. Your Sim wants to get to a Magic Broom Arena and pull a stunt on a broom.»
«Mummies are supernatural creatures that are rumored to sometimes be found sleeping in sarcophagi in tombs. Your Sim wants to look inside sarcophagi until a mummy is found!» → «Mummies are supernatural creatures that are rumoured to sometimes be found sleeping in sarcophagi in tombs. Your Sim wants to look inside sarcophagi until a mummy is found!»
«Schmoozers are really good at befriending neighbors, co-workers, and sucking up to their bosses. They love to flatter and are very good at it.» → «Schmoozers are really good at befriending neighbours, co-workers, and sucking up to their bosses. They love to flatter and are very good at it.»
«Not Through Socializing» → «Not Through Socialising»
«The Time Almanac is your guide to Time Travel! Use it to check the status of Oasis Landing, your Descendants, and progress towards being honored with a Legacy Statue.» → «The Time Almanac is your guide to Time Travel! Use it to check the status of Oasis Landing, your Descendants, and progress towards being honoured with a Legacy Statue.»
«You examined the photographs and found that they had been digitally altered!  Arrests were made and the Police Department applauded you for your service. You made {0.Money}.» → «You examined the photographs and found that they had been digitally altered! Arrests were made and the Police Department applauded you for your service. You made {0.Money}.»
«{0.SimName} has little cooking ability, but a love of wonderfully prepared {RecipeName}. If you could prepare a dish of {RecipeName} for {0.SimName}, you’d not only improve your relationship, but also earn some money for your efforts. Get busy and make {0.SimName}’s favorite meal!» → «{0.SimName} has little cooking ability, but a love of wonderfully prepared {RecipeName}. If you could prepare a dish of {RecipeName} for {0.SimName}, you’d not only improve your relationship, but also earn some money for your efforts. Get busy and make {0.SimName}’s favourite meal!»
«There are certain types of apparitions out there that manifest their grudges in entirely wicked forms. These types of ghosts will stop at nothing to prevent you from banishing their souls to the great beyond. As a Creep Seeker, you must stop at nothing to search out these ghastly ghouls and put them away for life -- the afterlife that is.» → «There are certain types of apparitions out there that manifest their grudges in entirely wicked forms. These types of ghosts will stop at nothing to prevent you from banishing their souls to the great beyond. As a Creep Seeker, you must stop at nothing to search out these ghastly ghouls and put them away for life — the afterlife that is.»
«Today we are gathered here to recognize the astonishing achievements of the Ghost Hunter, {0.SimName}. Through hard work and determination this fine Sim has become a pillar of the {TownName} community. It is not easy to go forth day after day and do battle with the forces of the paranormal, but time and time again {0.SimFirstName} has braved the unknown to capture and banish the ghosts and spirits that linger in this world. On behalf of the citizens of {TownName}, it is my great honor to gift the {1.String} to this fine Sim.» → «Today we are gathered here to recognise the astonishing achievements of the Ghost Hunter, {0.SimName}. Through hard work and determination this fine Sim has become a pillar of the {TownName} community. It is not easy to go forth day after day and do battle with the forces of the paranormal, but time and time again {0.SimFirstName} has braved the unknown to capture and banish the ghosts and spirits that linger in this world. On behalf of the citizens of {TownName}, it is my great honour to gift the {1.String} to this fine Sim.»
«Amount of Fertilizer items in this Sim's inventory» → «Amount of Fertiliser items in this Sim's inventory»
«Circus Circuit» → «Circus Tour»
«Peanut Butter and Jelly Blues» → «Peanut Butter and Jam Blues»
«Well organized and thoughtful professionals wouldn't dream of missing an appointment. Unfortunately for {0.SimFirstName}, {MA.he}{FA.she} is neither.» → «Well organised and thoughtful professionals wouldn't dream of missing an appointment. Unfortunately for {0.SimFirstName}, {MA.he}{FA.she} is neither.»
«A multi-colored neon display and our patented Super-Legible light-up lettering let your business stand out from the crowd. Even when the crowd is also using bright neon signs!» → «A multi-coloured neon display and our patented Super-Legible light-up lettering let your business stand out from the crowd. Even when the crowd is also using bright neon signs!»
«Sims around town love hearing new takes on their favorite songs, and it just so happens your Sim wants to share their remixed tracks. Perfect!» → «Sims around town love hearing new takes on their favourite songs, and it just so happens your Sim wants to share their remixed tracks. Perfect!»
«Sidekickhood comes with many perks, most notably being one step closer to The Leader and working under a true mastermind – the Super Villain. Take note, wreak havoc as you see fit, and serve The Organization as best you can.» → «Sidekickhood comes with many perks, most notably being one step closer to The Leader and working under a true mastermind – the Super Villain. Take note, wreak havoc as you see fit, and serve The Organisation as best you can.»
«Ah ha! Based on the notes in this discarded diary, {OpSource} is an aspiring crony in the local crime syndicate. {OpTargetFirstName} is quite the observant local snoop…and probably a creepy neighbor. I should report back to {OpTarget} with this information.» → «Ah ha! Based on the notes in this discarded diary, {OpSource} is an aspiring crony in the local crime syndicate. {OpTargetFirstName} is quite the observant local snoop…and probably a creepy neighbour. I should report back to {OpTarget} with this information.»
«Zeigler Exclusive, the finest name in kitchen furnishings, brings the  secrets of world-class baristas into your own home with the Elitissimo At-Home Barista! The gleaming reservoir heats water to the perfect temperature without the danger of scalding yourself...well, at least until the beverage is in the cup. Finally, a classy way to get your two steamy hot beverages today (as recommended by the International Mug Makers Association).» → «Zeigler Exclusive, the finest name in kitchen furnishings, brings the secrets of world-class baristas into your own home with the Elitissimo At-Home Barista! The gleaming reservoir heats water to the perfect temperature without the danger of scalding yourself...well, at least until the beverage is in the cup. Finally, a classy way to get your two steamy hot beverages today (as recommended by the International Mug Makers Association).»
«Hurray!\\n{0.SimFirstName} has saved the day.  All emergencies caused by the earthquake are taken care of.» → «Hurray!\\n{0.SimFirstName} has saved the day. All emergencies caused by the earthquake are taken care of.»
«Texas» → «Graeme»
«Few citizens in the history of {TownName} have reached the levels of fame achieved by {0.SimFirstName}. Your Makeovers are divine, and thanks to your keen fashion sense {TownName} rivals the fashion capitols of the world. It is with great honor that I present you with the {1.String}. Thank you for everything you have done for us, {0.SimFirstName}!» → «Few citizens in the history of {TownName} have reached the levels of fame achieved by {0.SimFirstName}. Your Makeovers are divine, and thanks to your keen fashion sense {TownName} rivals the fashion capitols of the world. It is with great honour that I present you with the {1.String}. Thank you for everything you have done for us, {0.SimFirstName}!»
«Spread Good Rumors» → «Spread Good Rumours»
«Open Arms and Feelings Trashcan» → «Open Arms and Feelings Waste Bin»
«Many young Sims fall in love with tumbling and jump headfirst into acrobatics, hoping that their leap of faith will end in sold out performances with crowds of adoring fans. It will take years of stretching, bending, and treating burns, but great strength of body--and perseverance--will eventually lead a Sim to the title of Master Acrobat.» → «Many young Sims fall in love with tumbling and jump headfirst into acrobatics, hoping that their leap of faith will end in sold out performances with crowds of adoring fans. It will take years of stretching, bending, and treating burns, but great strength of body—and perseverance—will eventually lead a Sim to the title of Master Acrobat.»
«Cozy Cottage - 1br, 1ba» → «Cosy Cottage - 1br, 1ba»
«The reviews of your show are in! “Dazzling vocals…mesmerizing stage presence…splendid arrangements…this concert was absolutely legendary!”» → «The reviews of your show are in! “Dazzling vocals…mesmerising stage presence…splendid arrangements…this concert was absolutely legendary!”»
«Unfriendly aspects of the natural world have neutralized your vampiric capacity to remain awake.» → «Unfriendly aspects of the natural world have neutralised your vampiric capacity to remain awake.»
«When your Sims have a child, sometimes their newborn will receive a special toy in the mail. When the child ages to a toddler, they can play, sing, and name their toy. All of these will improve their relationship with their special friend.» → «When your Sims have a child, sometimes their newborn will receive a special toy in the post. When the child ages to a toddler, they can play, sing, and name their toy. All of these will improve their relationship with their special friend.»
«Learn to squeeze every ounce of profitability out of your resorts. Hotel Moguls receive a bonus on all resort income.» → «Learn to squeeze every bit of profitability out of your resorts. Hotel Moguls receive a bonus on all resort income.»
«{0.SimFirstName} feels stronger!  And not quite normal...» → «{0.SimFirstName} feels stronger! And not quite normal...»
«Parlor Flipster» → «Parlour Flipster»
«Fire Chief S. Tran commissioned this custom table work before leaving to fight the great fires in Simlandia. Upon arriving back, she found the completed table and made it the center piece of the firehouse.» → «Fire Chief S. Tran commissioned this custom table work before leaving to fight the great fires in Simlandia. Upon arriving back, she found the completed table and made it the centre piece of the firehouse.»
«The Order of the Resolute Fist \nhereby recognizes {0.SimName} \nas having mastered self-control and physical strength required to become a Martial Arts Master. \n\nAwarded: {DateAndTime}, Witnessing Officer: Master Wan Cus Tha» → «The Order of the Resolute Fist \nhereby recognises {0.SimName} \nas having mastered self-control and physical strength required to become a Martial Arts Master. \n\nAwarded: {DateAndTime}, Witnessing Officer: Master Wan Cus Tha»
«Synthesizing Recipes...» → «Synthesising Recipes...»
«Materializing Holographs...» → «Materialising Holographs...»
«Welcome to the neighborhood! I noticed you have a little ghost problem... Would you like me to help bust ‘em for ya?» → «Welcome to the neighbourhood! I noticed you have a little ghost problem... Would you like me to help bust ‘em for ya?»
«A couple of {0.SimFirstName}’s co-workers decided to put some of his personal belongings in tapioca molds at work today! {0.SimFirstName} had to eat his things out of the molds, and now everything is sticky. {0.SimFirstName} looks like a loser with tapioca all over his face!» → «A couple of {0.SimFirstName}’s co-workers decided to put some of his personal belongings in tapioca moulds at work today! {0.SimFirstName} had to eat his things out of the moulds, and now everything is sticky. {0.SimFirstName} looks like a loser with tapioca all over his face!»
«This little gnome leverages his singing skills to take center-stage. A great addition to the living room or stage.» → «This little gnome leverages his singing skills to take centre-stage. A great addition to the living room or stage.»
«Fences are the thin line between your yard and the wild jungles of suburbia. They keep the bad stuff out and the good stuff in. And no fence has your back better than the Fee Fie Foe. Its motto: The best defense is a good yard fence.» → «Fences are the thin line between your yard and the wild jungles of suburbia. They keep the bad stuff out and the good stuff in. And no fence has your back better than the Fee Fie Foe. Its motto: The best defence is a good yard fence.»
«"Thanks for responding to my request.  I need you to speak with my friend, {2.String}, about his desire to prove his ridiculous theory about his ancestor and Hatshepsut. Ask him to explain and I’m sure he’ll talk your ear off with his nonsense.”» → «"Thanks for responding to my request. I need you to speak with my friend, {2.String}, about his desire to prove his ridiculous theory about his ancestor and Hatshepsut. Ask him to explain and I’m sure he’ll talk your ear off with his nonsense.”»
«Turn a Plumbot into a cleaning machine and never touch a mop again!\n\n• Any mess dissolves under an unrelenting barrage of tidying action.\n• Plumbot prioritizes domestic functions.\n• Handles countless tasks from cleaning to laundry!» → «Turn a Plumbot into a cleaning machine and never touch a mop again!\n\n• Any mess dissolves under an unrelenting barrage of tidying action.\n• Plumbot prioritises domestic functions.\n• Handles countless tasks from cleaning to laundry!»
«Sul Sul:  Trapped in Tar» → «Sul Sul: Trapped in Tar»
«"MorcuCorp is working on a business opportunity with the Egyptian government to find three ancient relics in Al Simhara. The work will be dangerous, but quite profitable.  Interested Sims should report to {2.String} for more information.”» → «"MorcuCorp is working on a business opportunity with the Egyptian government to find three ancient relics in Al Simhara. The work will be dangerous, but quite profitable. Interested Sims should report to {2.String} for more information.”»
«The Fortune Cookie Maker from Fortune Factory is a custom machine that not only bakes fortune cookies, but thinks of, prints, and inserts fortunes into every cookie. It will not only save you hours of trying to slip fortunes into small cookies, but also provide you its forecast of your future.» → «The Fortune Cookie Maker from Fortune Factory is a custom machine that not only bakes fortune biscuits, but thinks of, prints, and inserts fortunes into every biscuit. It will not only save you hours of trying to slip fortunes into small biscuits, but also provide you its forecast of your future.»
«{0.SimName} is happy with {2.SimName}'s service, but since little {1.SimName} has grown up, daycare service is no longer required.» → «{0.SimName} is happy with {2.SimName}'s service, but since little {1.SimName} has grown up, nursery service is no longer required.»
«{1.SimName} will no longer be attending Daycare as {MB.he}{FB.she} has grown up big and strong, and {0.SimName} doesn't think {MB.he}{FB.she} needs Daycare anymore.» → «{1.SimName} will no longer be attending Nursery as {MB.he}{FB.she} has grown up big and strong, and {0.SimName} doesn't think {MB.he}{FB.she} needs Nursery anymore.»
«{0.SimName} has decided that {1.SimName} has grown up enough to not need Daycare anymore. {2.SimName} is to be commended for {MC.his}{FC.her} satisfactory service.» → «{0.SimName} has decided that {1.SimName} has grown up enough to not need Nursery anymore. {2.SimName} is to be commended for {MC.his}{FC.her} satisfactory service.»
«It's time for {1.SimName} to grow up and leave Daycare once and for all. {2.SimName} did a decent enough job for the pay.» → «It's time for {1.SimName} to grow up and leave Nursery once and for all. {2.SimName} did a decent enough job for the pay.»
«Stu Surprise is an icky dish that contains so many flavors that it becomes palateable. Your Sim wants to eat Stu Surprise made with cheese and limes.» → «Stu Surprise is an icky dish that contains so many flavours that it becomes palateable. Your Sim wants to eat Stu Surprise made with cheese and limes.»
«Horses can Try for Foal if you have a box stall on your lot! You can also take your Horse to the Equestrian Center where you can Breed Mares and Offer Stallions as Studs!» → «Horses can Try for Foal if you have a box stall on your lot! You can also take your Horse to the Equestrian Centre where you can Breed Mares and Offer Stallions as Studs!»
«Diner Sign» → «Eatery Sign»
«Renee» → «Renée»
«Shootin’ the breeze is easier from a porch and even more fun when drinkin’ your favorite cold beverage.  ‘Course for that you needs a ‘fridgerator.  So when given the chance to build anywhere in the swamp, this place seems like the most logical locale.» → «Shootin’ the breeze is easier from a porch and even more fun when drinkin’ your favorite cold beverage. ‘Course for that you needs a ‘fridgerator. So when given the chance to build anywhere in the swamp, this place seems like the most logical locale.»
«Parent {0.SimName} has withdrawn {MA.his}{FA.her} child {1.SimName} from the daycare of {2.SimName} due to neglect. Expect a bad review!» → «Parent {0.SimName} has withdrawn {MA.his}{FA.her} child {1.SimName} from the nursery of {2.SimName} due to neglect. Expect a bad review!»
«{0.SimName} is VERY unhappy with {2.SimName}'s substandard service and child neglect. {1.SimName} has been withdrawn from Daycare and a stern letter has been sent to the authorities!» → «{0.SimName} is VERY unhappy with {2.SimName}'s substandard service and child neglect. {1.SimName} has been withdrawn from Nursery and a stern letter has been sent to the authorities!»
«{2.SimName} should consider clients' needs before {MC.his}{FC.hers}. An angry parent {0.SimName} has removed {1.SimName} from the Daycare and will no longer be referring friends.» → «{2.SimName} should consider clients' needs before {MC.his}{FC.hers}. An angry parent {0.SimName} has removed {1.SimName} from the Nursery and will no longer be referring friends.»
«{2.SimName} is lucky {MC.his}{FC.her} business is standing. {0.SimName} is no longer bringing {1.SimName} back for Daycare and maybe so will others.» → «{2.SimName} is lucky {MC.his}{FC.her} business is standing. {0.SimName} is no longer bringing {1.SimName} back for Nursery and maybe so will others.»
«Sometimes you find that a perfect gem, and other times you find a gem that could really use some sculpting. For those “other” times, might we suggest the fabulous one of a kind Gem-U-Cut Machine? With this contraption every gem you find can be beautiful! Attractive, easy to use, and much faster than the mailbox method, the Gem-U-Cut Machine will have you turning out your own high-quality gems in no time!» → «Sometimes you find that a perfect gem, and other times you find a gem that could really use some sculpting. For those “other” times, might we suggest the fabulous one of a kind Gem-U-Cut Machine? With this contraption every gem you find can be beautiful! Attractive, easy to use, and much faster than the post box method, the Gem-U-Cut Machine will have you turning out your own high-quality gems in no time!»
«This is heart breaking. Thankfully, it's not my heart to break. {OpTargetFirstName}'s gal doesn't even mention him -- no pictures, no emails, no blog posts…it's as if she doesn't care. I should break the news to him so that he doesn't propose like a fool.» → «This is heart breaking. Thankfully, it's not my heart to break. {OpTargetFirstName}'s gal doesn't even mention him — no pictures, no emails, no blog posts…it's as if she doesn't care. I should break the news to him so that he doesn't propose like a fool.»
«{0.SimFirstName} did an excellent job helping lead the orchestra today!  A lot of great training occured, and it is sure to pay off in the long run!» → «{0.SimFirstName} did an excellent job helping lead the orchestra today! A lot of great training occured, and it is sure to pay off in the long run!»
«Robo Football» → «Robo American Football»
«It is a common misconception that portals are a recent achievement from the world of science. In fact, magical portals have been in use for thousands of years! And no name is more trusted in the field of instantaneous magical relocation than the LLAMA. Take your LLAMA to work, to the grocery store, or even to your best friend's house. You'll never be late when you're riding a LLAMA.» → «It is a common misconception that portals are a recent achievement from the world of science. In fact, magical portals have been in use for thousands of years! And no name is more trusted in the field of instantaneous magical relocation than the LLAMA. Take your LLAMA to work, to the supermarket, or even to your best friend's house. You'll never be late when you're riding a LLAMA.»
«This Uncommon grape is very light in color and taste, producing a unique flavor of citrus.» → «This Uncommon grape is very light in colour and taste, producing a unique flavour of citrus.»
«• Your Sim gets depressed when not socializing and may get the “It’s like I’m Invisible” moodlet.» → «• Your Sim gets depressed when not socialising and may get the “It’s like I’m Invisible” moodlet.»
«You’ve actually learned, which lends authority to the claim that you’ll be a successful member of this organization. Very smart! Your job performance has already increased, and the Leader appreciates your presence just a bit more.» → «You’ve actually learned, which lends authority to the claim that you’ll be a successful member of this organisation. Very smart! Your job performance has already increased, and the Leader appreciates your presence just a bit more.»
«Neighborhood Tree Guard» → «Neighbourhood Tree Guard»
«Set Laser Color» → «Set Laser Colour»
«It's {0.SimFirstName}!  The healthy baby girl is the newest and youngest member of the {1.String} clan. The entire family is now resting and looking forward to the months ahead.» → «It's {0.SimFirstName}! The healthy baby girl is the newest and youngest member of the {1.String} clan. The entire family is now resting and looking forward to the months ahead.»
«Win 3 games of pool.» → «Win 3 games of snooker.»
«For those Cursed by a Mummy, hope is not lost! I, {2.String}, know of a cure!  If you would cure yourself of this vile befoulment, come before me.  Please bring a trinket or some kind that I might know your interest in the matter.  A Relic worth at least 150 Simoleons would be fine.» → «For those Cursed by a Mummy, hope is not lost! I, {2.String}, know of a cure! If you would cure yourself of this vile befoulment, come before me. Please bring a trinket or some kind that I might know your interest in the matter. A Relic worth at least 150 Simoleons would be fine.»
«Oh! I, uh, didn't realize it was you, {MA.Sir}{FA.Madam}! What a pleasure, please – go on in!» → «Oh! I, uh, didn't realise it was you, {MA.Sir}{FA.Madam}! What a pleasure, please – go on in!»
«Annalove met Rainflower while he was on tour performing at environment-saving fund raisers. It was love at first sight for Annalove when she finally met someone who loved the environment as much as she does. Moonlight Falls is the perfect fit for her except for all those fake supernaturals, but Annalove is really into gathering and there are amazing things to be found all over town! There’s too much stuff to be found that maybe there’s an easier, less labor-intensive way to find hidden gems. Even if it comes at a small cost to the environment…» → «Annalove met Rainflower while he was on tour performing at environment-saving fund raisers. It was love at first sight for Annalove when she finally met someone who loved the environment as much as she does. Moonlight Falls is the perfect fit for her except for all those fake supernaturals, but Annalove is really into gathering and there are amazing things to be found all over town! There’s too much stuff to be found that maybe there’s an easier, less labour-intensive way to find hidden gems. Even if it comes at a small cost to the environment…»
«Fantastic.  With your aid the MorcuCorp Resistance has secured all of the Sacred Relics before they were stolen.  I will make sure all of them are hidden away forever from evil corporations.  You've done a fine thing here and we couldn't have done it without you!  Here's something I scraped together to reward your effort, and the local population will be sure to adore you as well.» → «Fantastic. With your aid the MorcuCorp Resistance has secured all of the Sacred Relics before they were stolen. I will make sure all of them are hidden away forever from evil corporations. You've done a fine thing here and we couldn't have done it without you! Here's something I scraped together to reward your effort, and the local population will be sure to adore you as well.»
«I have prevailed.  My magnificent prowess has kept crime at bay!» → «I have prevailed. My magnificent prowess has kept crime at bay!»
«Ha!  I knew those law-breakers wouldn't dare show up with me here.» → «Ha! I knew those law-breakers wouldn't dare show up with me here.»
«Score for me!  Criminals were too scared to show their faces in my presence.» → «Score for me! Criminals were too scared to show their faces in my presence.»
«Dogs will eat anything...  and they'll invariably want to kiss you right after.  Your dog wants to Eat the Trash Pile.» → «Dogs will eat anything... and they'll invariably want to kiss you right after. Your dog wants to Eat the Trash Pile.»
«One shouldn't throw away important keys.  One will have to find them again.» → «One shouldn't throw away important keys. One will have to find them again.»
«The Ponce De León Hot Tub can release muscle tension and renew energy with its ancient hot spring hydrotherapy bubbles and patented ozonator technology. Dual 12 HP pumps circulate the 500 gallons of 6 KW heated water through the erupting volcano floor jet and array of 121 luxurious whirly-swirly jets. A romantic retreat or relaxing massage is only a quick dip away!» → «The Ponce De León Hot Tub can release muscle tension and renew energy with its ancient hot spring hydrotherapy bubbles and patented ozonator technology. Dual 12 HP pumps circulate the 416 gallons (1,892L) of 6 KW heated water through the erupting volcano floor jet and array of 121 luxurious whirly-swirly jets. A romantic retreat or relaxing massage is only a quick dip away!»
«Many hours of enjoyment can be had by playing with a pet! It'd be fun to be able to talk with a bird and have them talk back! Your Sim wants to play with a bird.» → «Many hours of enjoyment can be had by playing with a pet! It'd be fun to be able to talk with a bird and have them talk back! Your Sim wants to play with a bird.»
«There are no available pets to adopt in the neighborhood, check back later.» → «There are no available pets to adopt in the neighbourhood, check back later.»
«Why that no good, lousy, swindler of a cook! This house is full of common, harmful, but non-lethal chemicals.The client has set up {OpTarget} to fall in order to get a promotion! I should tell {OpTarget} that it's a setup.» → «Why that no good, lousy, swindler of a cook! This house is full of common, harmful, but non-lethal chemicals. The client has set up {OpTarget} to fall in order to get a promotion! I should tell {OpTarget} that it's a setup.»
«Your leaks are gone!  Aren't I good with a wrench?» → «Your leaks are gone! Aren't I good with a wrench?»
«Randomize Favorites» → «Randomise Favourites»
«Play Soccer» → «Play Football»
«You are about to exit Blueprint Mode. Do you wish to Delete the placed blueprints or Realize them?» → «You are about to exit Blueprint Mode. Do you wish to Delete the placed blueprints or Realise them?»
«Nothing gives a room that homey feeling like an old-style chair – the kind that grandma and grandpa would sit in for hours watching TV or doing their puzzles. The Grandparents Chair is the quick, easy solution for anyone looking for that cozy feel. Each chair is tested by a battalion of professional chair-stressing grandparents to ensure maximum quality!» → «Nothing gives a room that homey feeling like an old-style chair – the kind that grandma and grandpa would sit in for hours watching TV or doing their puzzles. The Grandparents Chair is the quick, easy solution for anyone looking for that cosy feel. Each chair is tested by a battalion of professional chair-stressing grandparents to ensure maximum quality!»
«{0.SimFirstName} just got a letter in the mail from {1.SimName}! It says: “It is never, ever ever ever ever ever, never, never ever EVER going to happen.”» → «{0.SimFirstName} just got a letter in the post from {1.SimName}! It says: “It is never, ever ever ever ever ever, never, never ever EVER going to happen.”»
«{0.SimFirstName} just got a letter in the mail from {1.SimName}! It says: “Yeah, see, the thing is, I’m already busy on whatever day you were about to ask me out.”» → «{0.SimFirstName} just got a letter in the post from {1.SimName}! It says: “Yeah, see, the thing is, I’m already busy on whatever day you were about to ask me out.”»
«{0.SimFirstName} just got a letter in the mail from {1.SimName}! It says: “You’re cute and all, but I’m pretty sure I’d rather pull out my own eyebrows with a plumber’s wrench.” Ouch.» → «{0.SimFirstName} just got a letter in the post from {1.SimName}! It says: “You’re cute and all, but I’m pretty sure I’d rather pull out my own eyebrows with a plumber’s wrench.” Ouch.»
«{0.SimFirstName} just got a letter in the mail from {1.SimName}! It says: “Oh, sorry, I haven’t been following the news. I guess I missed that there was an apocalypse and you are now the last Sim on Earth!”» → «{0.SimFirstName} just got a letter in the post from {1.SimName}! It says: “Oh, sorry, I haven’t been following the news. I guess I missed that there was an apocalypse and you are now the last Sim on Earth!”»
«{0.SimFirstName} just got a letter in the mail from {1.SimName}! It’s covered in X’s and skulls and a little doodle of {0.SimFirstName} lying on the ground with lots of arrows and daggers sticking out of {MA.him}{FA.her}.» → «{0.SimFirstName} just got a letter in the post from {1.SimName}! It’s covered in X’s and skulls and a little doodle of {0.SimFirstName} lying on the ground with lots of arrows and daggers sticking out of {MA.him}{FA.her}.»
«{0.SimFirstName} just got a letter in the mail from {1.SimName}! It reads: "Um, yeah... I'm not feeling it. Please don't mail me again."» → «{0.SimFirstName} just got a letter in the post from {1.SimName}! It reads: "Um, yeah... I'm not feeling it. Please don't post me again."»
«{0.SimFirstName} just got a letter in the mail from {1.SimName}! It says: “You’re sweet, but I just discovered that my sock drawer is in complete disarray and I’m going to be dealing with that for a while, so….”» → «{0.SimFirstName} just got a letter in the post from {1.SimName}! It says: “You’re sweet, but I just discovered that my sock drawer is in complete disarray and I’m going to be dealing with that for a while, so….”»
«{0.SimFirstName} just got a letter in the mail from {1.SimName}! It says: “Sorry, {0.SimFirstName}, this isn’t going to work. It’s not you -- it’s me! And how I feel about you.”» → «{0.SimFirstName} just got a letter in the post from {1.SimName}! It says: “Sorry, {0.SimFirstName}, this isn’t going to work. It’s not you — it’s me! And how I feel about you.”»
«The property {0.String} doesn't meet the requirements for it's current level.  It has been downgraded to level {1.Number}.» → «The property {0.String} doesn't meet the requirements for it's current level. It has been downgraded to level {1.Number}.»
«So begins the career of a professional nectar maker!  Tend your grape vines and invest in good machinery then sit back and watch your nectar racks overflow with precious nectar and your business flourish as the best in town!» → «So begins the career of a professional nectar maker! Tend your grape vines and invest in good machinery then sit back and watch your nectar racks overflow with precious nectar and your business flourish as the best in town!»
«Chess Grand Masters have reached the coveted fifth level of the competitive chess circuit. There, they sit upon their throne, gazing downwards upon their victims. Those who engage Grand Masters in chess improve their abilities in logic and chess more quickly.» → «Chess Grand Masters have reached the coveted fifth level of the competitive chess tour. There, they sit upon their throne, gazing downwards upon their victims. Those who engage Grand Masters in chess improve their abilities in logic and chess more quickly.»
«For the true audiophile, music appreciation doesn’t end with the purchase of a stereo system, it ends when the audio environment has been fine-tuned to maximize audio enjoyment through careful combinations of light, color, fabric and even friends. Use Lumina Technica wall lamps to help "hit the right notes" in your home.» → «For the true audiophile, music appreciation doesn’t end with the purchase of a stereo system, it ends when the audio environment has been fine-tuned to maximise audio enjoyment through careful combinations of light, colour, fabric and even friends. Use Lumina Technica wall lamps to help "hit the right notes" in your home.»
«(From Ice Cream Truck)» → «(From Ice Cream Van)»
«It’s time to get drafted, but you don’t have any idea how to do it. Your boss recommends reading “Getting Past the Draft," which should increase your chances and job performance. It’ll also build your relationship with your boss.» → «It’s time to get traded, but you don’t have any idea how to do it. Your boss recommends reading “Getting Past the Trade Window," which should increase your chances and job performance. It’ll also build your relationship with your boss.»
«That meal was quite scrumptious!  You've earned the information you seek!  You must go to the Great Pyramid to find the Relic of Eternity. You may want to pack extra food and supplies...”» → «That meal was quite scrumptious! You've earned the information you seek! You must go to the Great Pyramid to find the Relic of Eternity. You may want to pack extra food and supplies...”»
«Plant, water, weed, tend, repeat.  That's what it takes to feed the town with the highest quality produce.  It helps to have a green thumb and an affinity for the outdoors but you can always succeed with the plain old daily grind.» → «Plant, water, weed, tend, repeat. That's what it takes to feed the town with the highest quality produce. It helps to have a green thumb and an affinity for the outdoors but you can always succeed with the plain old daily grind.»
«With the perfect little fountain that mimics the town center, this little housing compound will give you lots of joy.» → «With the perfect little fountain that mimics the town centre, this little housing compound will give you lots of joy.»
«Sebastian is very smart for his age, and his parents have high hopes for him to attend the most prestigious of universities. He’s been raised to detest the Bests, and so far his parents have done an excellent job. He never asks for a toy that his neighbors are seen playing with, and he especially enjoys dressing up for an expensive night on the town. Unfortunately, the life of a proper Gooder has its drawbacks, and Sebastian often feels very lonely.» → «Sebastian is very smart for his age, and his parents have high hopes for him to attend the most prestigious of universities. He’s been raised to detest the Bests, and so far his parents have done an excellent job. He never asks for a toy that his neighbours are seen playing with, and he especially enjoys dressing up for an expensive night on the town. Unfortunately, the life of a proper Gooder has its drawbacks, and Sebastian often feels very lonely.»
«Traveling means new friends in far away locales. Your Sim wants to use the telephone to invite a foreign Sim to visit.» → «Travelling means new friends in far away locales. Your Sim wants to use the telephone to invite a foreign Sim to visit.»
«The Explorers Club of Aquatic Research \nhereby recognizes {0.SimName} \nas having mastered the deep seas through exceptional skill in diving. \n\nAwarded: {DateAndTime}, Witnessing Officer: T. Oceana.» → «The Explorers Club of Aquatic Research \nhereby recognises {0.SimName} \nas having mastered the deep seas through exceptional skill in diving. \n\nAwarded: {DateAndTime}, Witnessing Officer: T. Oceana.»
«Thanks for all your help!  I'll get these processed and sent right out.  You should return to your employer and let him know he can expect a steady stream of Egyptian relics to roll out to him on schedule.» → «Thanks for all your help! I'll get these processed and sent right out. You should return to your employer and let him know he can expect a steady stream of Egyptian relics to roll out to him on schedule.»
«{0.SimFirstName} has time traveled too recently and is still recovering.» → «{0.SimFirstName} has time travelled too recently and is still recovering.»
«What better way to turn your sleepy town into a bustling metropolis than adding a subway system? It's just the right pork barrel project to put your city on the map!» → «What better way to turn your sleepy town into a bustling metropolis than adding a metro system? It's just the right pork barrel project to put your city on the map!»
«Rosalinda stood on the balcony with her eyes closed as the sultry breeze caressed her tousled raven locks.  Behind her, the window framed the bodice and sleeves of her red silk dress with the light from within the hacienda... Now you too can live the adventure with this romantic hacienda balcony window.» → «Rosalinda stood on the balcony with her eyes closed as the sultry breeze caressed her tousled raven locks. Behind her, the window framed the bodice and sleeves of her red silk dress with the light from within the hacienda... Now you too can live the adventure with this romantic hacienda balcony window.»
«Xander still lives at home with his parents. He’s a grown man who likes to party and have a good time; he’s in no hurry to face life out on his own. And why move out if he’s not even planning to ever get married?» → «Xander still lives at home with his parents. He’s a grown lad who likes to party and have a good time; he’s in no hurry to face life out on his own. And why move out if he’s not even planning to ever get married?»
«70 Civic Center» → «70 Civic Centre»
«Andre» → «André»
«This is the current active glow color.» → «This is the current active glow colour.»
«Melanie is a sweet old fashioned lady - the kind that greets her visitors with a fresh batch of homemade cookies. When she was younger, her roses consistently won 1st place at the county fairs. She still is an avid gardener, spending the day working in the lawn and displaying her beautiful flower bouquets around the house. After losing her husband, her grandson Girbits moved in to help around the house and keep her company. Melanie doesn’t understand the games Girbits plays, but she loves him anyway, keeps him well fed, and lets him play all the games he wants.» → «Melanie is a sweet old fashioned lady - the kind that greets her visitors with a fresh batch of homemade biscuits. When she was younger, her roses consistently won 1st place at the county fairs. She still is an avid gardener, spending the day working in the lawn and displaying her beautiful flower bouquets around the house. After losing her husband, her grandson Girbits moved in to help around the house and keep her company. Melanie doesn’t understand the games Girbits plays, but she loves him anyway, keeps him well fed, and lets him play all the games he wants.»
«You do not have enough Simoleons to customize this Plumbot.» → «You do not have enough Simoleons to customise this Plumbot.»
«Impervious to brush-offs and bad attitudes, friendly Plumbots bring a smile to any face!\n\n• Imbues Plumbot with the Social Motive.\n• Enables friendly social interactions.\n• Plumbot takes the initiative to socialize on its own.» → «Impervious to brush-offs and bad attitudes, friendly Plumbots bring a smile to any face!\n\n• Imbues Plumbot with the Social Motive.\n• Enables friendly social interactions.\n• Plumbot takes the initiative to socialise on its own.»
«Visit Administration Center With...» → «Visit Administration Centre With...»
«Hearing music puts you in a happy mood. Once that  rhythm gets a hold you of you can't help but bob your head and tap your hoof to the beat! You want to Tap your Hoof to the music.» → «Hearing music puts you in a happy mood. Once that rhythm gets a hold you of you can't help but bob your head and tap your hoof to the beat! You want to Tap your Hoof to the music.»
«Fossilized Lettuce» → «Fossilised Lettuce»
«Our favorite shades of the color spectrum!» → «Our favourite shades of the colour spectrum!»
«This masterpiece by the artist Christopho has been heralded as the pinnacle of the "Urbanomorphic Abstractionism" movement. The artist describes the piece as "deconstructing the crisis of a man living in the modern world through a representation of the space between a subway platform and the rails."» → «This masterpiece by the artist Christopho has been heralded as the pinnacle of the "Urbanomorphic Abstractionism" movement. The artist describes the piece as "deconstructing the crisis of a lad living in the modern world through a representation of the space between a subway platform and the rails."»
«This one's sneaky. I caught a glimpse of him and heard the trash can rattle but couldn't catch 'em in the act. I should see if there's anything in the garbage.» → «This one's sneaky. I caught a glimpse of him and heard the waste bin rattle but couldn't catch 'em in the act. I should see if there's anything in the garbage.»
«Ornate Dual-Paneled Full-Bordered Wall with Coffering and Center Border» → «Ornate Dual-Paneled Full-Bordered Wall with Coffering and Centre Border»
«{0.SimName} is exhausted!  {1.SimName} should dismount soon before {0.SimFirstName} bucks them off!» → «{0.SimName} is exhausted! {1.SimName} should dismount soon before {0.SimFirstName} bucks them off!»
«Everybody needs a little corner of the world to call their own, and your ride is no exception. It’s tired of the car-eat-car neighborhood parking scene and wants a consistent place to settle every night. Don’t you think it deserves a Car-Spot parking space?» → «Everybody needs a little corner of the world to call their own, and your ride is no exception. It’s tired of the car-eat-car neighbourhood parking scene and wants a consistent place to settle every night. Don’t you think it deserves a Car-Spot parking space?»
«Local political boss {OpTarget} has a case for me, something about mail fraud. I should report in to {OpTarget} to get the facts for the case.» → «Local political boss {OpTarget} has a case for me, something about post fraud. I should report in to {OpTarget} to get the facts for the case.»
«Practice a presentation 10  times with the Business Planner.» → «Practice a presentation 10 times with the Business Planner.»
«Fruits and vegetables can really bring the best flavors forward and delight the palette. Your Sim dreams of preparing a meal that contains fruit or vegetables. Buy them at the supermarket or grow them at home!» → «Fruits and vegetables can really bring the best flavours forward and delight the palette. Your Sim dreams of preparing a meal that contains fruit or vegetables. Buy them at the supermarket or grow them at home!»
«Favorites» → «Favourites»
«You know that saying, dogs are a Sim's best friend? Not only do you believe it, that is the motto you live by. But why limit yourself to just one best friend. You want to befriend as many dogs as you can to not only show the world that dogs are a Sim's best friend, but how they are the most amazing animals in the world!» → «You know that saying, dogs are a Sim's best friend? Not only do you believe it, that is the motto you live by. But why limit yourself to just one best friend. You want to befriend as many dogs as you can to not only show the world that dogs are a Sim's best friend, but how they are the most amazing animals in the world!»
«Chin-Han» → «Chin Han»
«Johnpaul» → «Jina»
«JC» → «Vigdísson»
«Some Relics are not worth a large amount of Simoleons, but are still reminders of an ancient civilization.» → «Some Relics are not worth a large amount of Simoleons, but are still reminders of an ancient civilisation.»
«As caps fly in the air, {2.SimName}’s flies slightly higher. {MA.He}{FA.She} earned a perfect GPA!» → «As caps fly in the air, {2.SimName}’s flies slightly higher. {MA.He}{FA.She} earned full distinctions!»
«Ramon» → «Ramón»
«LaShawn» → «Dechen»
«General Daycare» → «General Nursery»
«A orange colored corrugated roof.» → «A orange coloured corrugated roof.»
«The Hospital is hosting another Vaccination Seminar to hand out critical vaccines to the neighborhood.  {0.SimFirstName} must vaccinate any Sim that shows up in as timely manner as possible.  Even though its free people still get angry while waiting.  Don't let them stomp off in frustration.» → «The Hospital is hosting another Vaccination Seminar to hand out critical vaccines to the neighbourhood. {0.SimFirstName} must vaccinate any Sim that shows up in as timely manner as possible. Even though its free people still get angry while waiting. Don't let them stomp off in frustration.»
«An installation error has occurred.  Please allow your installation to finish before attempting to install additional files.» → «An installation error has occurred. Please allow your installation to finish before attempting to install additional files.»
«Some Expansion Packs allow you to gift specific types of Surprise Gifts. For instance, in Supernatural, you can send a Surprise Elixir to a friend, and they will receive a randomly selected elixir.  Some Expansions Packs will allow you to gift specific objects. For instance, in Supernatural, you can gift specific elixirs, but only if they are in your Personal Inventory. When gifted, these objects will be removed from your inventory.» → «Some Expansion Packs allow you to gift specific types of Surprise Gifts. For instance, in Supernatural, you can send a Surprise Elixir to a friend, and they will receive a randomly selected elixir. Some Expansions Packs will allow you to gift specific objects. For instance, in Supernatural, you can gift specific elixirs, but only if they are in your Personal Inventory. When gifted, these objects will be removed from your inventory.»
«Send gifts to your online friends to earn Lifetime Happiness Points, and if your friends are nice, maybe they’ll give back!  You can send gifts via the Cell Phone, Mailbox, Player Profile, Computer, and Wall and eligible items in your inventory.» → «Send gifts to your online friends to earn Lifetime Happiness Points, and if your friends are nice, maybe they’ll give back! You can send gifts via the Cell Phone, Mailbox, Player Profile, Computer, and Wall and eligible items in your inventory.»
«The Cradle of Civilization» → «The Cradle of Civilisation»
«Of all the memories from school, graduating with honors might just be the best.» → «Of all the memories from school, graduating with honours might just be the best.»
«{2.SimName} just went to a Dive Bar. The musty smell of the joint won't leave {MA.his}{FA.her} nose soon, nor will the memory of the colorful patrons!» → «{2.SimName} just went to a Pub. The musty smell of the joint won't leave {MA.his}{FA.her} nose soon, nor will the memory of the colourful patrons!»
«Civic Center Fall Festival» → «Civic Centre Autumn Festival»
«Center of Attention» → «Centre of Attention»
«“Yes I do need some help about proving that one of my ancestors was a consort to Queen Hatshepsut.  I'm running down a lead and will need your help soon.  I have a good idea about helping {16.SimName} though. Call it a {2.String} special. Jewels are the key to a lover’s heart, yes? To make the jewelry, I will need {9.Number} pieces of Alabaster. Bring the gems to me and you will be paid for your troubles.  This should help poor {16.SimName} out with romance."» → «“Yes I do need some help about proving that one of my ancestors was a consort to Queen Hatshepsut. I'm running down a lead and will need your help soon. I have a good idea about helping {16.SimName} though. Call it a {2.String} special. Jewels are the key to a lover’s heart, yes? To make the jewelry, I will need {9.Number} pieces of Alabaster. Bring the gems to me and you will be paid for your troubles. This should help poor {16.SimName} out with romance."»
«This place reeks of sulphur and there is a suspicious heat emanating from within.  Hopefully {1.SimFirstName} is prepared!» → «This place reeks of sulphur and there is a suspicious heat emanating from within. Hopefully {1.SimFirstName} is prepared!»
«{0.SimFirstName} was really put through the wringer today with all of the physical training and extra labor duty. She is exhausted!» → «{0.SimFirstName} was really put through the wringer today with all of the physical training and extra labour duty. She is exhausted!»
«With self-photography the biggest question is always: what kind of filter will best hide your blemishes? Shoot from high angles to maximize your foxiness. Put the whole package together to earn extra credit from your professor.» → «With self-photography the biggest question is always: what kind of filter will best hide your blemishes? Shoot from high angles to maximise your foxiness. Put the whole package together to earn extra credit from your professor.»
«You have achieved total victory and were named an Olympian. The organizers have awarded you with a cash reward as well.» → «You have achieved total victory and were named an Olympian. The organisers have awarded you with a cash reward as well.»
«{0.SimFirstName} is tasked with holding a seminar on the need for proper medical attentiveness both on and off the job.  Its time to educate all those eager young employees about their health benefits.» → «{0.SimFirstName} is tasked with holding a seminar on the need for proper medical attentiveness both on and off the job. Its time to educate all those eager young employees about their health benefits.»
«Light: Set Color Cyan» → «Light: Set Colour Cyan»
«This Dew is so perfectly clear that it nullifies the color effects of other Dews!» → «This Dew is so perfectly clear that it nullifies the colour effects of other Dews!»
«Mullet Fencing is the only fence that’s all business in the front and party in the back. This kind of versatility screams high-class, like a  tuxedo t-shirt, and is sure never to go out of style.» → «Mullet Fencing is the only fence that’s all business in the front and party in the back. This kind of versatility screams high-class, like a tuxedo t-shirt, and is sure never to go out of style.»
«The winter may be cold and white, but who can deny the fun of a season that is home to so many holidays? The bright and colorful snowflakes on this exciting decal celebrate the magic and fun of winter.» → «The winter may be cold and white, but who can deny the fun of a season that is home to so many holidays? The bright and colourful snowflakes on this exciting decal celebrate the magic and fun of winter.»
« Quartz» → «Quartz»
«You know that one chair at grandma’s house? The one she’d sit in while she sipped her tea, maybe scribbling away at a crossword puzzle or finishing up her cross-stitch? The one by the window, where she would just sit and people watch for hours until she began screaming bizarre things at the mailman and you brought her another cup of her “tea?” Thanks to Yesteryear, that can be your chair.» → «You know that one chair at grandma’s house? The one she’d sit in while she sipped her tea, maybe scribbling away at a crossword puzzle or finishing up her cross-stitch? The one by the window, where she would just sit and people watch for hours until she began screaming bizarre things at the postman and you brought her another cup of her “tea?” Thanks to Yesteryear, that can be your chair.»
«Simsonian Federal China Cabinet» → «Simsonian Federal Porcelain Cabinet»
«Do you like me?\nCheck one: [  ]yes [  ]no» → «Do you like me?\nCheck one: [ ]yes [ ]no»
«Badly need current events update! Did the fax machine revolutionize telecommunications?» → «Badly need current events update! Did the fax machine revolutionise telecommunications?»
«Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with an "A" in Science and Medicine, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 4 of the Science and Medical careers and earn the highest possible starting salary. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload Resume now.» → «Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with an "A" in Science and Medicine, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 4 of the Science and Medical careers and earn the highest possible starting salary. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload CV now.»
«Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with a "C" in Science and Medicine, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 2 of the Science and Medical careers and earn significantly more money than if {MA.he}{FA.she} didn't have the degree. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload Resume now.» → «Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with a "C" in Science and Medicine, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 2 of the Science and Medical careers and earn significantly more money than if {MA.he}{FA.she} didn't have the degree. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload CV now.»
«Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with a "B" in Science and Medicine, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 3 of the Science and Medical careers and earn a much higher salary than if {MA.he}{FA.she} didn't have the degree. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload Resume now.» → «Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with a "B" in Science and Medicine, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 3 of the Science and Medical careers and earn a much higher salary than if {MA.he}{FA.she} didn't have the degree. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload CV now.»
«Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with a "D" in Science and Medicine, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 1 of the Science and Medical careers and earn slightly more money than if {MA.he}{FA.she} didn't have the degree. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload Resume now.» → «Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with a "D" in Science and Medicine, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 1 of the Science and Medical careers and earn slightly more money than if {MA.he}{FA.she} didn't have the degree. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload CV now.»
«Rainbow Dew assaults the senses in the best possible way! It’s a cornucopia of color.» → «Rainbow Dew assaults the senses in the best possible way! It’s a cornucopia of colour.»
«Sims looking for a more party-centric University experience should try living in a Fraternity or Sorority. Parties are much more likely to happen on these lots.» → «Sims looking for a more party-centric University experience should try living in a Men's or Women's College. Parties are much more likely to happen on these lots.»
«Wouldn’t it be fun to carry around a bird, letting it perch on your hand like a makeshift tree limb, or having them pace back and forth from between both your palms?  The possibilities for entertainment are endless! Your Sim wants to carry a bird.» → «Wouldn’t it be fun to carry around a bird, letting it perch on your hand like a makeshift tree limb, or having them pace back and forth from between both your palms? The possibilities for entertainment are endless! Your Sim wants to carry a bird.»
«@@ win a game of pool» → «@@ win a match of pool»
«Talan has always known he’s destined to be a famous performer, and with his friendly nature, winning smile, and natural flair, success seems inevitable. However, his father has other plans. Will Talan ever be able to realize his dreams of performing on stage while balancing his father's demand to study hard and get a "real career"?» → «Talan has always known he’s destined to be a famous performer, and with his friendly nature, winning smile, and natural flair, success seems inevitable. However, his father has other plans. Will Talan ever be able to realise his dreams of performing on stage while balancing his father's demand to study hard and get a "real career"?»
«One of the favorite pastimes of underage deviants is causing nighttime mischief at school. Your Sim wishes to go to school after hours and Pull a Prank.» → «One of the favourite pastimes of underage deviants is causing nighttime mischief at school. Your Sim wishes to go to school after hours and Pull a Prank.»
«Your Sim is ready to take horseback riding to the next level!  Your Sim wants to ride a horse bareback!» → «Your Sim is ready to take horseback riding to the next level! Your Sim wants to ride a horse bareback!»
«Bonsai! Come now and purchase this incredible, action-filled plant before it’s “gonsai!” from store shelves! For a limited time only prices are so low one cannot help but scream “bonsai!” and charge forward with Simoleons in hand. Make the purchase and do the honorable thing. Bonsai! Bonsai! Bonsai!» → «Bonsai! Come now and purchase this incredible, action-filled plant before it’s “gonsai!” from store shelves! For a limited time only prices are so low one cannot help but scream “bonsai!” and charge forward with Simoleons in hand. Make the purchase and do the honourable thing. Bonsai! Bonsai! Bonsai!»
«The frozen arch is your gateway to the fantasy of living in an igloo. Don’t pretend like you’ve never fantasized about living in an igloo. We all have. Each arch is assembled block-by-block in a controlled sub-zero environment, then treated with our NeverMelt coating so that you will never get that one drip of freezing water down the back of your neck as you pass underneath.» → «The frozen arch is your gateway to the fantasy of living in an igloo. Don’t pretend like you’ve never fantasised about living in an igloo. We all have. Each arch is assembled block-by-block in a controlled sub-zero environment, then treated with our NeverMelt coating so that you will never get that one drip of freezing water down the back of your neck as you pass underneath.»
«Customizing your career look can bring new life into even the most boring jobs. Would you like to learn more about customizing your career outfit?» → «Customising your career look can bring new life into even the most boring jobs. Would you like to learn more about customising your career outfit?»
«If strolling through your beautiful neighborhood and interacting with the world around you holds little appeal, then consider the convenience of a Shut-In Treadmill. It offers 47 indistinguishable settings, and instills in its users all the self-dignity of a caged rodent on a hamster wheel.» → «If strolling through your beautiful neighbourhood and interacting with the world around you holds little appeal, then consider the convenience of a Shut-In Treadmill. It offers 47 indistinguishable settings, and instills in its users all the self-dignity of a caged rodent on a hamster wheel.»
«Although disappointed, {0.SimFirstName} understands the {1.String} household doesn't need a new pet at this time.  Hopefully it doesn't get too cold tonight.» → «Although disappointed, {0.SimFirstName} understands the {1.String} household doesn't need a new pet at this time. Hopefully it doesn't get too cold tonight.»
«Beard Color» → «Beard Colour»
«The fortune teller appears to be concentrating very, very hard. No, wait -- they're asleep. No, no, they're just concentrating after all.» → «The fortune teller appears to be concentrating very, very hard. No, wait — they're asleep. No, no, they're just concentrating after all.»
«As the fortune teller speaks, {0.SimName} begins to feel a tingling in {MA.his}{FA.her} body. Then {MA.he}{FA.she} realizes it's just {MA.his}{FA.her} legs falling asleep.» → «As the fortune teller speaks, {0.SimName} begins to feel a tingling in {MA.his}{FA.her} body. Then {MA.he}{FA.she} realises it's just {MA.his}{FA.her} legs falling asleep.»
«Center Stage» → «Centre Stage»
«Urele-Oresha-Cham Fraternity» → «River Llama Men's College»
«Talk to the Time Traveler to restore the Future to its original state» → «Talk to the Time Traveller to restore the Future to its original state»
«Inspiration for this piece came from a visit to a hip dentist’s office.  If you dig oral hygiene – and who doesn’t? – there is no better way to complete your living room.  Plus, you already bought the End Table, right?» → «Inspiration for this piece came from a visit to a hip dentist’s office. If you dig oral hygiene – and who doesn’t? – there is no better way to complete your living room. Plus, you already bought the End Table, right?»
«Ah, it seems you are quite busy.  Well that's okay.  Later!» → «Ah, it seems you are quite busy. Well that's okay. Later!»
«Honestly, there are some days where I just want to stay in my pajamas and eat Cookies.» → «Honestly, there are some days where I just want to stay in my pajamas and eat biscuits.»
«The professional chess circuit is not for the faint of heart. Your Sim hopes to win a string of bold victories on the circuit. Can your Sim survive the march of the pawns?» → «The professional chess tour is not for the faint of heart. Your Sim hopes to win a string of bold victories on the tour. Can your Sim survive the march of the pawns?»
«You’ve shown no ill effects from the Trash Piles, aside from some odor. Let’s get a little more exotic! I’ve observed Sims eating the local insects, so they’re probably not poisonous. Catch and consume a few Bugs, to test their flavor and nutritional content.» → «You’ve shown no ill effects from the Trash Piles, aside from some odor. Let’s get a little more exotic! I’ve observed Sims eating the local insects, so they’re probably not poisonous. Catch and consume a few Bugs, to test their flavour and nutritional content.»
«Well, now you’ve done it. The polling machines weren’t fixed and the election has already occurred. Hopefully the “right” people were elected!» → «Well, now you’ve done it. The budget machines weren’t fixed and the session has already occurred. Hopefully the budget posts went to the right tasks!»
«Whether your turtle wants to soak up some "sun" or go for a swim, the Turtle Terrarium is the perfect place for it to reside.  Your turtle should feel right at home!» → «Whether your turtle wants to soak up some "sun" or go for a swim, the Turtle Terrarium is the perfect place for it to reside. Your turtle should feel right at home!»
«Meddling with multi-colored miscellanea made {0.SimFirstName} rather colorfully ill!» → «Meddling with multi-coloured miscellanea made {0.SimFirstName} rather colourfully ill!»
«Gas prices have driven many an economical monstrosity to the top of the scrap heap.  Among the heap risers, are the town cars of the great lone star state.  Thousands of longhorn ornaments have been rescued from the maw of the crusher.  Get yours now, before the bulls come calling!» → «Gas prices have driven many an economical monstrosity to the top of the scrap heap. Among the heap risers, are the town cars of the great lone star state. Thousands of longhorn ornaments have been rescued from the maw of the crusher. Get yours now, before the bulls come calling!»
«Lamp designer J. T. was inspired to create this unique light by the memory of the pumpkin fields that surrounded her childhood home. Her most recent light collection includes this visually abstract version of everyone's favorite gourd, now available in non-pumpkin colors! Hang one of these in every color of the rainbow to create a multi-colored pumpkin patch on your ceiling.» → «Lamp designer J. T. was inspired to create this unique light by the memory of the pumpkin fields that surrounded her childhood home. Her most recent light collection includes this visually abstract version of everyone's favorite gourd, now available in non-pumpkin colours! Hang one of these in every colour of the rainbow to create a multi-coloured pumpkin patch on your ceiling.»
«Now every child's favorite robotic protector RoboTank, from the hit television cartoon "Defenders of Simanity," is available in molded plastic form for at-home play. Equipped with a mechanolaser cannon, RoboTank comes ready to battle the evil forces of Destructotron. Your children will spend hours acting out the legendary robotic wars or terrorizing their siblings by running over their favorite dolls!» → «Now every child's favourite robotic protector RoboTank, from the hit television cartoon "Defenders of Simanity," is available in moulded plastic form for at-home play. Equipped with a mechanolaser cannon, RoboTank comes ready to battle the evil forces of Destructotron. Your children will spend hours acting out the legendary robotic wars or terrorising their siblings by running over their favourite dolls!»
«Wow!  Somehow the invention's progress has skipped to being almost finished.» → «Wow! Somehow the invention's progress has skipped to being almost finished.»
«A clear mind and a centered chi will help you get things done better and faster.» → «A clear mind and a centred chi will help you get things done better and faster.»
«{0.SimName} nailed the {1.String} exam and passed with flying colors!» → «{0.SimName} nailed the {1.String} exam and passed with flying colours!»
«Watching TV, huh?  Maybe I’ll take the electric bill out of your paycheck.  Get back to work.» → «Watching TV, huh? Maybe I’ll take the electric bill out of your paycheck. Get back to work.»
«Read  five different newspapers to earn a job performance increase at work.» → «Read five different newspapers to earn a job performance increase at work.»
«{0.SimFirstName} can now fertilize her garden plants with vegetables, fish, and other odds and ends. \n\nExpensive fertilizers like Rare fish and vegetables tend to help your plants more. Rare and special plants need the best fertilizers to really thrive!» → «{0.SimFirstName} can now Fertilise her garden plants with vegetables, fish, and other odds and ends. \n\nExpensive Fertilisers like Rare fish and vegetables tend to help your plants more. Rare and special plants need the best Fertilisers to really thrive!»
«Local Favorite» → «Local Favourite»
«Shasha» → «Cresselia»
«Swap Houses with Neighbor» → «Swap Houses with Neighbour»
«A special treat of a meal out at a restaurant is always a welcome break from spending hours cooking one's favorite meal.» → «A special treat of a meal out at a restaurant is always a welcome break from spending hours cooking one's favourite meal.»
«It's a  Birthday!» → «It's a Birthday!»
«Doctor Sims now have additional duties to get them out of the hospital and into the neighborhood amongst the people.» → «Doctor Sims now have additional duties to get them out of the hospital and into the neighbourhood amongst the people.»
«Doctors will need to work at Free Health Clinics, give vaccinations, and make visits at buildings throughout the neighborhood in order to make it a healthier place.» → «Doctors will need to work at Free Health Clinics, give vaccinations, and make visits at buildings throughout the neighbourhood in order to make it a healthier place.»
«There will also be additional Adventures that will require Sims to socialize, schmooze, and butter up their co-workers, bosses, and grease the wheels of every crazy Hospital.» → «There will also be additional Adventures that will require Sims to socialise, schmooze, and butter up their co-workers, bosses, and grease the wheels of every crazy Hospital.»
«This key, I've seen this symbol before outside another area.  I'll bet this opens up the servant's quarters for the Queen.  There are sure to be more clues there.  I'd like you to enter the Temple of Queen Hatshepsut, explore the Servants' Quarters, and bring back and clues you find there to me.» → «This key, I've seen this symbol before outside another area. I'll bet this opens up the servant's quarters for the Queen. There are sure to be more clues there. I'd like you to enter the Temple of Queen Hatshepsut, explore the Servants' Quarters, and bring back and clues you find there to me.»
«If {0.SimFirstName} doesn't socialize soon, the social worker will be forced to take away all of the daycare children and suspend the daycare.» → «If {0.SimFirstName} doesn't socialize soon, the social worker will be forced to take away all of the nursery children and suspend the daycare.»
«{0.String} won a game at the stadium, and the whole town wants to congratulate him! Go tell him, for all of us, how special he is with a Sing-A-Gram!» → «{0.String} won a match at the stadium, and the whole town wants to congratulate him! Go tell him, for all of us, how special he is with a Sing-A-Gram!»
« (CAS)» → «(CAS)»
«(From Traveling To The Past)» → «(From Travelling To The Past)»
«Localized Static Tester» → «Localised Static Tester»
«Gunter» → «Günter»
«Putting an end to  desolation and abandonment one stray at a time.» → «Putting an end to desolation and abandonment one stray at a time.»
«Turn any part of your house into a night at the theatre with this charming wall sculpture. Inject a little class and celebrity into any room. And wait until you see how it looks over a bed! You’ll wake up every morning looking like a star!» → «Turn any part of your house into a night at the cinema with this charming wall sculpture. Inject a little class and celebrity into any room. And wait until you see how it looks over a bed! You’ll wake up every morning looking like a star!»
«The joy of farming - in miniature!  Without any backbreaking labor required.  Why spend the effort?  Let these industrious little fellows do all the work and enjoy the fruits of their labors… for as long as you desire.» → «The joy of farming - in miniature! Without any backbreaking labour required. Why spend the effort? Let these industrious little fellows do all the work and enjoy the fruits of their labours… for as long as you desire.»
«Fiercely proud and majestic in his stance, this unique replica of the famous Simsonian lion has been mass-produced. Made from exquisitely inexpensive materials and quickly molded in an automated process, we had to employ several costly artisans to oversee the manufacturing to even come close to justifying our price.» → «Fiercely proud and majestic in his stance, this unique replica of the famous Simsonian lion has been mass-produced. Made from exquisitely inexpensive materials and quickly moulded in an automated process, we had to employ several costly artisans to oversee the manufacturing to even come close to justifying our price.»
«While traveling around various islands, you'll come across treasures and bottles with pieces of a map. If your Sim finds four pieces, check their personal inventory, click on the map fragments, and reconstruct it! Not all uncharted islands can be found with a map, but if there is one, a completed map will show your Sim the way!» → «While travelling around various islands, you'll come across treasures and bottles with pieces of a map. If your Sim finds four pieces, check their personal inventory, click on the map fragments, and reconstruct it! Not all uncharted islands can be found with a map, but if there is one, a completed map will show your Sim the way!»
«You've made the right (and profitable) choice in signing up with MorcuCorp!  I need money to buy off some officials in town but they refuse to accept perfectly legal Morcudollars!  I'm far too busy to dig up the {9.Number} hunks of Copper they want, but am willing to pay you to do so.  What do you think?» → «You've made the right (and profitable) choice in signing up with MorcuCorp! I need money to buy off some officials in town but they refuse to accept perfectly legal Morcudollars! I'm far too busy to dig up the {9.Number} hunks of Copper they want, but am willing to pay you to do so. What do you think?»
«{0.SimName} was not happy that {2.SimName} was nowhere to be found. Neighbors said that the look on {0.SimFirstName}'s face wasn't pretty.» → «{0.SimName} was not happy that {2.SimName} was nowhere to be found. Neighbours said that the look on {0.SimFirstName}'s face wasn't pretty.»
«The liberal use of archways really opens up the floor plan of this home, allowing light to flow throughout the space. Classically furnished, the hand-placed tiles and hand-crafted banisters really grant this home a sophisticated feel, while the collection of rugs allows it to remain cozy.» → «The liberal use of archways really opens up the floor plan of this home, allowing light to flow throughout the space. Classically furnished, the hand-placed tiles and hand-crafted banisters really grant this home a sophisticated feel, while the collection of rugs allows it to remain cosy.»
«Last year, about 3 million Sims bought new, sleek, flat-screen TVs. A wall-mounted TV is the new must-have gadget for the me-too generation but don't buy a new TV under pressure, ask yourself, "Can I really enjoy my favorite shows on an old TV?" The answer is obvious, flat, and right in front of you!» → «Last year, about 3 million Sims bought new, sleek, flat-screen TVs. A wall-mounted TV is the new must-have gadget for the me-too generation but don't buy a new TV under pressure, ask yourself, "Can I really enjoy my favourite shows on an old TV?" The answer is obvious, flat, and right in front of you!»
«Dive Bar Royalty» → «Corner Pub Royalty»
«They say the Putt-Putt Gnome invented mini-golf and Eight-Ball Pool. Your Sim wants to perform the light-hearted trick that honors that fun-loving gnome.» → «They say the Putt-Putt Gnome invented mini-golf and Eight-Ball Pool. Your Sim wants to perform the light-hearted trick that honours that fun-loving gnome.»
«The Miming Seminar was great…until you all realized you were trapped in an invisible box. Luckily, there was an invisible rope to pull you out.» → «The Miming Seminar was great…until you all realised you were trapped in an invisible box. Luckily, there was an invisible rope to pull you out.»
«Choose the buttercup model house as an excellent starter investment. Close to schools and a short commute to downtown make this suburban house a good choice.  You can barely see the graveyard.» → «Choose the buttercup model house as an excellent starter investment. Close to schools and a short commute to downtown make this suburban house a good choice. You can barely see the graveyard.»
«The Al Simharan Academy of Photographic Art \nhereby recognizes {0.SimName} \nas a standout artists in the field of Photography. \n\nAwarded: {DateAndTime}, Witnessing Officer: Mr. Raymond Mazzerito III» → «The Al Simharan Academy of Photographic Art \nhereby recognises {0.SimName} \nas a standout artists in the field of Photography. \n\nAwarded: {DateAndTime}, Witnessing Officer: Mr. Raymond Mazzerito III»
«That combination of flavors was incredible! Sims everywhere are gonna want to try this!» → «That combination of flavours was incredible! Sims everywhere are gonna want to try this!»
«Attend Game With Date ({0.Money})» → «Attend Match With Date ({0.Money})»
«Hurray!  The Book Club has sent a book for this week!» → «Hurray! The Book Club has sent a book for this week!»
«Now {1.SimFirstName} is all wet!  Now comes the hard part, finding a Mummy that will Curse her!» → «Now {1.SimFirstName} is all wet! Now comes the hard part, finding a Mummy that will Curse her!»
«You really saved the restaurant's deliciously smoked bacon by bringing in some extra meals!  The Chef will personally see to your performance and cooking abilities increasing.» → «You really saved the restaurant's deliciously smoked bacon by bringing in some extra meals! The Chef will personally see to your performance and cooking abilities increasing.»
«“So there’s more than meet’s the eye to that old Clan of the Resolute Fist, huh? I always thought there might be something that they’ve kept secret in their organization all these years. I guess if they can’t help me with my Martial Arts skill, it would still be interesting to learn more about the organization. Will you tell {2.String} I will come by soon so we can talk more about my membership to the club?"» → «“So there’s more than meet’s the eye to that old Clan of the Resolute Fist, huh? I always thought there might be something that they’ve kept secret in their organization all these years. I guess if they can’t help me with my Martial Arts skill, it would still be interesting to learn more about the organisation. Will you tell {2.String} I will come by soon so we can talk more about my membership to the club?"»
«Don't you think it's too late to talk?  Try calling me back in the morning, I might want to talk then.» → «Don't you think it's too late to talk? Try calling me back in the morning, I might want to talk then.»
«Someone discovered that {0.SimFirstName} has been stealing from the campaign fund!  Crime has cost {0.SimFirstName} her career.» → «Someone discovered that {0.SimFirstName} has been stealing from the campaign fund! Crime has cost {0.SimFirstName} her career.»
«Straight out of the factory, this fence comes complete with custom hieroglyphs that are sure to wow your neighbors and add some much needed culture to your yard.» → «Straight out of the factory, this fence comes complete with custom hieroglyphs that are sure to wow your neighbours and add some much needed culture to your yard.»
«(From Being Recognized as a Celebrity)» → «(From Being Recognised as a Celebrity)»
«No one said that art was easy, but the Mold Me Shelf of Supplies helps put creativity up on the shelf. Complete with half-finished pieces and a smattering of handy supplies, this pre-packed shelf makes it look like you've had plenty of ideas, even if you're just getting started.» → «No one said that art was easy, but the Mould Me Shelf of Supplies helps put creativity up on the shelf. Complete with half-finished pieces and a smattering of handy supplies, this pre-packed shelf makes it look like you've had plenty of ideas, even if you're just getting started.»
«The cave looming before {0.SimFirstName} isn't nearly as intimidating as the gigantic ogre rumored to be sleeping in its depths. Alas, the adventure must continue.» → «The cave looming before {0.SimFirstName} isn't nearly as intimidating as the gigantic ogre rumoured to be sleeping in its depths. Alas, the adventure must continue.»
«{0.SimFirstName} took two swipes at his tournament opponent. The crowd cheers as both knights circle each other, just looking for an opening in their opposite's defense.» → «{0.SimFirstName} took two swipes at his tournament opponent. The crowd cheers as both knights circle each other, just looking for an opening in their opposite's defence.»
«Some cultures believe that mirrors are gateways to another world. What will you see when you look into  this mirror’s glossy panes?  Gaze deeply, but be careful! You might just see your mother-in-law... even if you aren’t married! Dun dun duuuhhhh!» → «Some cultures believe that mirrors are gateways to another world. What will you see when you look into this mirror’s glossy panes? Gaze deeply, but be careful! You might just see your mother-in-law... even if you aren’t married! Dun dun duuuhhhh!»
«The violet path is the chosen path when air turns to water.  Do not stray into pools of darkness!» → «The violet path is the chosen path when air turns to water. Do not stray into pools of darkness!»
«Creating sepia toned photographs is a favorite way of many photographers to evoke a sense of nostalgia. Your Sim wants to take a Sepia photo.» → «Creating sepia toned photographs is a favourite way of many photographers to evoke a sense of nostalgia. Your Sim wants to take a Sepia photo.»
«The Maught Key Fishers' Association \nhereby recognizes\n{0.SimName}\nas having exceptional skill in the art and craft of \n Fishing.\n\nAwarded: {DateAndTime}, Witnessing Officer: D. Miotke» → «The Maught Key Fishers' Association \nhereby recognises\n{0.SimName}\nas having exceptional skill in the art and craft of \n Fishing.\n\nAwarded: {DateAndTime}, Witnessing Officer: D. Miotke»
«{2.SimName} just wrote a biography of {1.SimName}. Honoring the life of a fellow Sim in writing is memorable for both parties!» → «{2.SimName} just wrote a biography of {1.SimName}. Honouring the life of a fellow Sim in writing is memorable for both parties!»
«Why play a show in the dark? No one is going to want to see that. In fact, no one CAN see that. Brighten up the night with a plentiful variety of mesmerizing motions, sensational sequences and kaleidoscopic colors that you can customize to your preference. The I-3 is a sure bet to leave the crowd in awe and yearning for more.» → «Why play a show in the dark? No one is going to want to see that. In fact, no one CAN see that. Brighten up the night with a plentiful variety of mesmerising motions, sensational sequences and kaleidoscopic colours that you can customise to your preference. The I-3 is a sure bet to leave the crowd in awe and yearning for more.»
«To prove to others that there is no equal, your Sim wants to win multiple ranked sparring matches in a row! Send your Sim to Shang Simla, then call the next opponent in the Martial Arts circuit.» → «To prove to others that there is no equal, your Sim wants to win multiple ranked sparring matches in a row! Send your Sim to Shang Simla, then call the next opponent in the Martial Arts tour.»
«{OpTarget} now has the evidence to contest the election. I'm sure the newspapers will have a field day with this scandal. I'm glad I did my part for local democracy. Case closed.» → «{OpTarget} now has the evidence to contest the election outcome. I'm sure the newspapers will have a field day with this scandal. I'm glad I did my part for local democracy. Case closed.»
«I loved this house the minute I walked through the front door. Of course, it took a lot to get me to walk through the door based on its exterior….  I need you to update the outside to match the décor I love inside.» → «I loved this house the minute I walked through the front door. Of course, it took a lot to get me to walk through the door based on its exterior…. I need you to update the outside to match the décor I love inside.»
«The exterior of this house is starting to look dated. I want the neighbors to think that I have good taste. Use your good taste to help impress my neighbors.» → «The exterior of this house is starting to look dated. I want the neighbours to think that I have good taste. Use your good taste to help impress my neighbours.»
«Named when they had an ocean view, these apartments are moderately priced and convenient to downtown, the civic center and the stadium, but there are no ocean views.» → «Named when they had an ocean view, these apartments are moderately priced and convenient to downtown, the civic centre and the stadium, but there are no ocean views.»
«WHOOOOO!!! One sip and {0.SimName} feels like {MA.he’s}{FA.she’s} having the time of {MA.his}{FA.her} life! Now that {0.SimName} doesn’t have to worry about socializing or having fun for a very long time, there are probably more productive things to accomplish.» → «WHOOOOO!!! One sip and {0.SimName} feels like {MA.he’s}{FA.she’s} having the time of {MA.his}{FA.her} life! Now that {0.SimName} doesn’t have to worry about socialising or having fun for a very long time, there are probably more productive things to accomplish.»
«Adventurers should stock up on dried food and other adventure supplies to better survive when traveling abroad.» → «Adventurers should stock up on dried food and other adventure supplies to better survive when travelling abroad.»
«Hogan’s Deep-Fried Diner» → «Hogan’s Deep-Fried Eatery»
«Sort Mail» → «Sort Post»
«{2.SimName} is late for work! {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember checking the clock and realizing it was past time to leave!» → «{2.SimName} is late for work! {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember checking the clock and realising it was past time to leave!»
«Be the life of the party with the Karaoke Explosion Machine from Landgraab Industries. Sing along to your favorite hits such as "Boo Nitz" and "Vati Sadu". Guaranteed to rock the house even if you can't find a tune in an oversized bucket.» → «Be the life of the party with the Karaoke Explosion Machine from Landgraab Industries. Sing along to your favourite hits such as "Boo Nitz" and "Vati Sadu". Guaranteed to rock the house even if you can't find a tune in an oversized bucket.»
«Your co-workers have organized a “casual,” fun game to be held at the stadium on one of your off days. It’s in your best interest to attend and give the game your all, because victory could mean a nice cash reward in addition to the joys of an intramural bonding experience. Work out and you’ll earn that victory!» → «Your co-workers have organised a “casual,” fun match to be held at the stadium on one of your off days. It’s in your best interest to attend and give the match your all, because victory could mean a nice cash reward in addition to the joys of an intramural bonding experience. Work out and you’ll earn that victory!»
«Kleptomaniacs "accidentally" end up with things owned by others. They often "permanently borrow" items from work, school, or even their neighbors' homes!» → «Kleptomaniacs "accidentally" end up with things owned by others. They often "permanently borrow" items from work, school, or even their neighbours' homes!»
«Tour Command Center» → «Tour Command Centre»
«Junkyard with no visitors» → «Scrapyard with no visitors»
«Want to put down multiple copies of the same object?  You can hold the Shift key to place down multiple copies of an object or use the Eyedropper Tool to copy a previously placed object.» → «Want to put down multiple copies of the same object? You can hold the Shift key to place down multiple copies of an object or use the Eyedropper Tool to copy a previously placed object.»
«This momma cat rules the roost. As Hetty's personal favorite, she knows she has the authority to boss Mothball and Muffin around with few repercussions. If a cat wants something done in this household, they better run it by her first.» → «This momma cat rules the roost. As Hetty's personal favourite, she knows she has the authority to boss Mothball and Muffin around with few repercussions. If a cat wants something done in this household, they better run it by her first.»
«The current style is invalid.  Please select a new style before continuing.» → «The current style is invalid. Please select a new style before continuing.»
«The Boswellia is a villa with plenty of room.  If one balcony off your bedroom isn’t enough, make the kids sleep in there and take the two-balcony bedroom for yourself.» → «The Boswellia is a villa with plenty of room. If one balcony off your bedroom isn’t enough, make the kids sleep in there and take the two-balcony bedroom for yourself.»
«Best Barn Arch (two stories)» → «Best Barn Arch (two floors)»
«Big Barn Arch (two stories)» → «Big Barn Arch (two floors)»
«Say, does that banner yet wave?» → «With glowing hearts we see thee rise.»
«Being this tired will even put dogs in a bad mood.  {0.SimFirstName} should get some sleep before it gets worse!» → «Being this tired will even put dogs in a bad mood. {0.SimFirstName} should get some sleep before it gets worse!»
«"Dispel Rumor" to {OpNumEventsGoal} Sims» → «"Dispel Rumour" to {OpNumEventsGoal} Sims»
«Being this tired will even put cats in a bad mood.  {0.SimFirstName} should get some sleep before it gets worse!» → «Being this tired will even put cats in a bad mood. {0.SimFirstName} should get some sleep before it gets worse!»
«Fertilizer Choices» → «Fertiliser Choices»
«Have your Sim enter a Haunted House, get face painted, and eat a snow cone» → «Have your Sim enter a Haunted House, get face painted, and eat a sorbet»
« Furthermore, how thoughtful of you to use such wonderfully personalized items while decorating!» → «Furthermore, how thoughtful of you to use such wonderfully personalised items while decorating!»
«Which part of  "You're not on the list" do you not understand? Your Sim is feeling risky and wants to Sneak Past the Bouncer. Wait for the bouncer to be distracted by another Sim, and then click on the Barrier Rope to Sneak into VIP Area.» → «Which part of "You're not on the list" do you not understand? Your Sim is feeling risky and wants to Sneak Past the Bouncer. Wait for the bouncer to be distracted by another Sim, and then click on the Barrier Rope to Sneak into VIP Area.»
«AJV Wellness Center» → «AJV Wellness Centre»
«Monsters, lichen, and bears, oh my! Traveling through the catacombs was a hazardous experience, so it's no wonder the lamp finally gave up under the oppressive pressure of being underground.» → «Monsters, lichen, and bears, oh my! Travelling through the catacombs was a hazardous experience, so it's no wonder the lamp finally gave up under the oppressive pressure of being underground.»
«{2.SimName} has just adopted {1.SimName}! {MA.He}{FA.She}'ll always remember the day {1.SimName} joined the family. {2.SimName} will always cherish this moment!» → «{2.SimName} has just adopted {1.SimName}! {MA.He}{FA.She}'ll always remember the day {1.SimName} joined the family. {2.SimName} will always cherish this moment!»
«From the career Gardener’s land comes a valuable and delightful harvest.  Not content to just consume this fine produce, the career-minded gardener cares about selling quality goods and staying on top of the food chain.» → «From the career Gardener’s land comes a valuable and delightful harvest. Not content to just consume this fine produce, the career-minded gardener cares about selling quality goods and staying on top of the food chain.»
«College Essays» → «University Essays»
«The origins of the Bayless name are a bit hard to track down.  Written records (where legible) even two generations back use the "less," "liss" and even "lies" suffix varietals. Debt prison records from 1788 list one Phillipe Bai l'Est as a catfish-thief and "chronic renegor" but lineage is circumstantial at best, and like little Chase says, "Why y'all cares 'bout 'postrophes?"» → «The origins of the Bayless name are a bit hard to track down. Written records (where legible) even two generations back use the "less," "liss" and even "lies" suffix varietals. Debt prison records from 1788 list one Phillipe Bai l'Est as a catfish-thief and "chronic renegor" but lineage is circumstantial at best, and like little Chase says, "Why y'all cares 'bout 'postrophes?"»
«Color Palette» → «Colour Palette»
«Awww ... a baby horse!» → «Awww ... a baby horse!»
«FIFA» → «EA FC»
«The criminals have constructed a giant candy-stealing machine, and it has gone haywire!  Stop it before it's too late!» → «The criminals have constructed a giant candy-stealing machine, and it has gone haywire! Stop it before it's too late!»
«An evil mastermind spawned an antimatter nexus at the criminal building.  Quick, stop it!» → «An evil mastermind spawned an antimatter nexus at the criminal building. Quick, stop it!»
«Oh no!  The criminals suddenly are up to no good.  Stop them!» → «Oh no! The criminals suddenly are up to no good. Stop them!»
«Visit the Neighborhood Pool» → «Visit the Neighbourhood Pool»
«{0.SimFirstName}'s team fought to a tie with a final score of {1.Number} to {1.Number}.» → «{0.SimFirstName}'s team fought to a {1.Number}-{1.Number} tie.»
«{0.SimFirstName}'s team won the match with a final score of {1.Number} to {2.Number}.» → «{0.SimFirstName}'s team won the match {1.Number}-{2.Number}.»
«“This will work out great!  Let me just package this up in a standard MorcuCorp Bribe Box.  One of the head merchants, {2.String}, will accept this bribe to pay off the workers. Deliver this package to {2.String} and he should give you some useful information, a location to be exact.  This location will be where the "opposition" to our work here keeps most of their information.  We need to get in there and find some things."» → «“This will work out great! Let me just package this up in a standard MorcuCorp Bribe Box. One of the head merchants, {2.String}, will accept this bribe to pay off the workers. Deliver this package to {2.String} and he should give you some useful information, a location to be exact. This location will be where the "opposition" to our work here keeps most of their information. We need to get in there and find some things."»
«Okay, that's all the bugs I need. Fine specimens!  Much better than what's around my own place.» → «Okay, that's all the bugs I need. Fine specimens! Much better than what's around my own place.»
«Sims can start Trick or Treating one day before Spooky Day. Click on houses in your neighborhood to initiate the activity. Bring an adult along to bypass curfew restrictions.» → «Sims can start Trick or Treating one day before Spooky Day. Click on houses in your neighbourhood to initiate the activity. Bring an adult along to bypass curfew restrictions.»
«Add some festive cheer to your neighborhood by turning on Holiday House Lights on your home! Just click your front door.» → «Add some festive cheer to your neighbourhood by turning on Holiday House Lights on your home! Just click your front door.»
«Jazz up your den or dorm room with the Brash Banner, the first product GoTeamGo ever made.  It’s a classic the world over, printed for forty-eight sports in fifty-five countries.» → «Jazz up your den or dorm room with the Brash Banner, the first product GoTeamGo ever made. It’s a classic the world over, printed for forty-eight sports in fifty-five countries.»
«The world of fashion is vibrant, volatile, and full of colorful personalities. Your Sim wants to discuss fashion with someone.» → «The world of fashion is vibrant, volatile, and full of colourful personalities. Your Sim wants to discuss fashion with someone.»
«Featuring life like multi-colored lasers and a spirited rainbow, this flashy little piece will make a wonderful conversation starter at your next cocktail party or rave.» → «Featuring life like multi-coloured lasers and a spirited rainbow, this flashy little piece will make a wonderful conversation starter at your next cocktail party or rave.»
«This lush and vibrant drape adds a splash of colorful antiquity wherever it is displayed.» → «This lush and vibrant drape adds a splash of colourful antiquity wherever it is displayed.»
«A great recipe when you have a sweet tooth, cookies are a delicious treat almost everyone loves!» → «A great recipe when you have a sweet tooth, biscuits are a delicious treat almost everyone loves!»
«With a few swipes of {MA.his}{FA.her} finger, {0.SimName} has discovered the vast, digital world of Social Networking! From texting to blogging, {MA.his}{FA.her} customizable Smart Phone will take {0.SimFirstName} to new apps and beyond.» → «With a few swipes of {MA.his}{FA.her} finger, {0.SimName} has discovered the vast, digital world of Social Networking! From texting to blogging, {MA.his}{FA.her} customisable Smart Phone will take {0.SimFirstName} to new apps and beyond.»
«Play Soccer with HoloComputer» → «Play Football with HoloComputer»
«Now that traffic is in check, the Lieutenant wants to see how well you handle a beat. Patrol Officers need to stick closely to their partner as they investigate a wide variety of cases. Help clean up the streets and arrest the crooks that come to your house, and you’ll soon earn that stripe.» → «Now that traffic is in check, the Chief Inspector wants to see how well you handle a beat. Patrol Officers need to stick closely to their partner as they investigate a wide variety of cases. Help clean up the streets and arrest the crooks that come to your house, and you’ll soon earn that stripe.»
«All Sims need to have favorites set.» → «All Sims need to have favourites set.»
«Half the voters on the rolls are located in the cemetary. Last time I checked, the dead don't get a say in elections. Unless the local government has approved a law for absentee death voting, I think I've solved this case. I should report to {OpTarget}.» → «Half the voters on the rolls are located in the cemetery. Last time I checked, the dead don't get a say in elections (Perhaps ghosts do). Unless the local government has approved a law for absentee death voting, I think I've solved this case. I should report to {OpTarget}.»
«The manager was very upset that {OpOwner} did not show up to play. Many Sims showed up to hear {MA.him}{FA.her} play, but left after realizing there would be no live music.» → «The manager was very upset that {OpOwner} did not show up to play. Many Sims showed up to hear {MA.him}{FA.her} play, but left after realising there would be no live music.»
«Help Set Up at the Theatre.» → «Help Set Up at the Cinema.»
«Eureka! The key was just lying about -- not even under the floor mat or statue! It’s imperative to use the key to open the door and throw the case wide open.» → «Eureka! The key was just lying about — not even under the floor mat or statue! It’s imperative to use the key to open the door and throw the case wide open.»
«The pie eating contest is another staple of community festivals everywhere. But wait -- anyone can eat a pie, right? Grab a knife and fork, and go to town – what’s the big deal? Well, here’s the trick: when people sign up for the pie eating contest, they don’t get a knife and fork! You wanna eat that pie, you gotta stick your face in some pie. It is seriously the best show you will ever see in your life.» → «The pie eating contest is another staple of community festivals everywhere. But wait — anyone can eat a pie, right? Grab a knife and fork, and go to town – what’s the big deal? Well, here’s the trick: when people sign up for the pie eating contest, they don’t get a knife and fork! You wanna eat that pie, you gotta stick your face in some pie. It is seriously the best show you will ever see in your life.»
«The owner of the local Theatre could use your help in managing the crowds that are expected to surge through for the upcoming events. Get to the Theatre soon to manage the crowds with your muscular abilities and you’ll be paid handsomely.» → «The owner of the local Cinema could use your help in managing the crowds that are expected to surge through for the upcoming events. Get to the Cinema soon to manage the crowds with your muscular abilities and you’ll be paid handsomely.»
«Your Sim wants to show off their talent with a pool cue - and make a few Simoleons while they're at it.» → «Your Sim wants to show off their talent with a snooker cue - and make a few Simoleons while they're at it.»
«Feed ({0.Money}) ...» → «Feed ({0.Money}) ...»
«They don't build workbenches quite like they used to but Scraptronic's patented automatic Scrap refill system makes this inventor's workbench almost as good as Grandpa's old garage table.  A broad and sturdy table provides plenty of room for creations of any size and the tackboard will hold all your tools, greasers, nuts and bolts.» → «They don't build workbenches quite like they used to but Scraptronic's patented automatic Scrap refill system makes this inventor's workbench almost as good as Grandpa's old garage table. A broad and sturdy table provides plenty of room for creations of any size and the tackboard will hold all your tools, greasers, nuts and bolts.»
«Eggplant*****» → «Aubergine*****»
«The beautiful Violetta constructed this sturdy drum of willow branches and lined it with hand spun cotton. She soon realized that a cotton lined drum doesn't make for very pleasant listening. Unperturbed, she cut a hole, added a lamp, and hung it from the rafters, fashioning a very pleasing addition to ceiling decor.» → «The beautiful Violetta constructed this sturdy drum of willow branches and lined it with hand spun cotton. She soon realised that a cotton lined drum doesn't make for very pleasant listening. Unperturbed, she cut a hole, added a lamp, and hung it from the rafters, fashioning a very pleasing addition to ceiling decor.»
«A life of extreme wealth is one of comfort and privilege, but also one of fulfillment. It’s important to feel the rewards from one’s hard labors! If your Sim owns a fabulously furnished home and has enough money to truly live in a lap of luxury, satisfaction will be had.» → «A life of extreme wealth is one of comfort and privilege, but also one of fulfillment. It’s important to feel the rewards from one’s hard labours! If your Sim owns a fabulously furnished home and has enough money to truly live in a lap of luxury, satisfaction will be had.»
«Owning the best house in a moderate neighborhood is generally considered a poor investment… Unless you are a politician who must live among his constituents.» → «Owning the best house in a moderate neighbourhood is generally considered a poor investment… Unless you are a politician who must live among his constituents.»
«Warning: Unrecognized Video Card» → «Warning: Unrecognised Video Card»
«My mom has always picked out my clothes for me up until now. No offense to my mom, but she doesn't really have the coolest fashion sense and I want to be a really cool teen. Can you help me?» → «My mom has always picked out my clothes for me up until now. No offence to my mom, but she doesn't really have the coolest fashion sense and I want to be a really cool teen. Can you help me?»
«{0.SimName} has been immunized and will be able to avoid the nasty germs this year.» → «{0.SimName} has been immunised and will be able to avoid the nasty germs this year.»
«Investigators need to be self-motivated to get out and earn an honest living. With a keen eye for crime, you'll focus on cracking difficult cases and conducting stakeouts to keep the neighborhood safe. A strong sense of logic is simply elementary!» → «Investigators need to be self-motivated to get out and earn an honest living. With a keen eye for crime, you'll focus on cracking difficult cases and conducting stakeouts to keep the neighbourhood safe. A strong sense of logic is simply elementary!»
«Few pranks can top the delicious evil of lining up another Sim for a High Five, and then mercilessly pulverizing their palm!» → «Few pranks can top the delicious evil of lining up another Sim for a High Five, and then mercilessly pulverising their palm!»
«Most know her as superstar Megan McPlum's daughter, but once you listen to Maxi McPlum it is impossible not to recognize she has a voice of her own. Celebrate Maxi's rise to fame with your very own Maxi McPlum Poster.» → «Most know her as superstar Megan McPlum's daughter, but once you listen to Maxi McPlum it is impossible not to recognise she has a voice of her own. Celebrate Maxi's rise to fame with your very own Maxi McPlum Poster.»
«Asset Localization» → «Asset Localisation»
«Localization» → «Localisation»
«Although it’s more of a ranch than a villa, vanilla is still a great flavor if you like simplicity and ease. The large lot leaves ample room for potential expansion.» → «Although it’s more of a ranch than a villa, vanilla is still a great flavour if you like simplicity and ease. The large lot leaves ample room for potential expansion.»
«You probably don’t want to know what that smell is. Fertilizer Analysts need to be ready for some hands-on time with some stinky stuff, because the best harvests come from great, horrifically smelly fertilizers. Head outside to spend time in the garden... and don’t forget to shower afterwards.» → «You probably don’t want to know what that smell is. Fertiliser Analysts need to be ready for some hands-on time with some stinky stuff, because the best harvests come from great, horrifically smelly Fertilisers. Head outside to spend time in the garden... and don’t forget to shower afterwards.»
«In a failed attempt to play with the team, {0.SimFirstName} challenged any player to a game of 1 on 1. It turned out that the Sim who took the challenge seriously and even beat {0.SimFirstName} was the team's mascot. What a lesson to learn!» → «In a failed attempt to play with the team, {0.SimFirstName} challenged any player to a match of 1 on 1. It turned out the Sim who took the challenge seriously and even beat {0.SimFirstName} was the team's mascot. What a lesson to learn!»
«My parent's progeny, Peter, preferred a plateau-like pulpit to promote his potted plants, platter of parquetry or other parallel playthings.  And if it pleases you to picture such pursuits as you place your own potted or plattered paraphernalia, then perhaps you should pride yourself to purchase the Perfect Pedestal, and point out to your partner it's "Peter Preferred!"» → «My parent's progeny, Peter, preferred a plateau-like pulpit to promote his potted plants, platter of parquetry or other parallel playthings. And if it pleases you to picture such pursuits as you place your own potted or plattered paraphernalia, then perhaps you should pride yourself to purchase the Perfect Pedestal, and point out to your partner it's "Peter Preferred!"»
«Analyze Tire Marks» → «Analyse Tire Marks»
«This place is larger than it first appears.  There is no doubt that this is a location of interest.  But there is only one place left to visit before {1.SimFirstName} gets paid, and that's the Pyramid of the Wind.» → «This place is larger than it first appears. There is no doubt that this is a location of interest. But there is only one place left to visit before {1.SimFirstName} gets paid, and that's the Pyramid of the Wind.»
«One of the Observatory’s researchers just cataloged a groundbreaking discovery. You’ve been given the honor of announcing it at a Press Event!» → «One of the Observatory’s researchers just cataloged a groundbreaking discovery. You’ve been given the honour of announcing it at a Press Event!»
«Major News! Rumors are spreading around town that {0.SimName} had a child out of wedlock.» → «Major News! Rumours are spreading around town that {0.SimName} had a child out of wedlock.»
«Crissy» → «Prilla»
«A spacious one one-story house surrounding an open-air courtyard designed to maximize natural light and ventilation.» → «A spacious one-floor house surrounding an open-air courtyard designed to maximise natural light and ventilation.»
«A Very Civilized Fire» → «A Very Civilised Fire»
«Welcome home!  The epitome of tradition, the highlight of this residence is sure to be the enchanting flooring, surrounded by distinctive architectural details scattered throughout each room.» → «Welcome home! The epitome of tradition, the highlight of this residence is sure to be the enchanting flooring, surrounded by distinctive architectural details scattered throughout each room.»
«Nothing gets the heart more pumped like watching Horseback Riders go at in a battle of grace, elegance, and jumps. Lots of jumps.  Travel down to your nearest Equestrian Center to check out the local competition! Your Sim wants to Watch an Equestrian Competition.» → «Nothing gets the heart more pumped like watching Horseback Riders go at in a battle of grace, elegance, and jumps. Lots of jumps. Travel down to your nearest Equestrian Centre to check out the local competition! Your Sim wants to Watch an Equestrian Competition.»
«When did bungalow-style architecture turn into “compromise?” This one-story palace spills from the coatroom into a luxurious lot. Echoing halls and an enormous living room round out the package.» → «When did bungalow-style architecture turn into “compromise?” This one-floor palace spills from the coatroom into a luxurious lot. Echoing halls and an enormous living room round out the package.»
«The high-peaked roof and modest “foursquare” design offers spacious deck and a private fenced in yard. Inside, efficient two-story room design makes space for the whole family.» → «The high-peaked roof and modest “foursquare” design offers spacious deck and a private fenced in yard. Inside, efficient two-floor room design makes space for the whole family.»
«Sturdy square design with a spacious floor plan, and ample windows let in the sunshine! Set on a generous lot, this two-story home is the perfect place to build your brood.» → «Sturdy square design with a spacious floor plan, and ample windows let in the sunshine! Set on a generous lot, this two-floor home is the perfect place to build your brood.»
«This four story magical modern estate is sure to amaze you. The glass-walled indoor pool is a first of its kind and is sure to please both spectators and athletes. A fountain pool surrounds the compound and the three car garage. This home really is the pinnacle of spectacular.» → «This four-floor magical modern estate is sure to amaze you. The glass-walled indoor pool is a first of its kind and is sure to please both spectators and athletes. A fountain pool surrounds the compound and the three car garage. This home really is the pinnacle of spectacular.»
«{0.SimFirstName} had a great time on the field trip to the Theatre!» → «{0.SimFirstName} had a great time on the field trip to the Cinema!»
«Medical Trophy of Honor» → «Medical Trophy of Honour»
«Farmed:  A Legacy of Eight Billion Points» → «Farmed: A Legacy of Eight Billion Points»
«Academic fraud is a serious offense. {0.SimFirstName} got caught, so {MA.he’ll}{FA.she’ll} have to try to get {MA.his}{FA.her} name cleared.» → «Academic fraud is a serious offence. {0.SimFirstName} got caught, so {MA.he’ll}{FA.she’ll} have to try to get {MA.his}{FA.her} name cleared.»
«Awesome resort. My favorite activity used to be "people watching" but NOW it's "watching people try to walk across hot coals". HA! Good times!!!» → «Awesome resort. My favourite activity used to be "people watching" but NOW it's "watching people try to walk across hot coals". HA! Good times!!!»
« (Closed)» → «(Closed)»
«Light: Set Color Orange» → «Light: Set Colour Orange»
«These are some fine ingredients.  With these the restaurant can get to work on some exciting new food styles.» → «These are some fine ingredients. With these the restaurant can get to work on some exciting new food styles.»
«They may not do all that much but they’re pretty cool to look at.  Your Sim would like to build a Widget, the most basic of all inventions.  Stock up on Scrap and get started at the nearest Inventing WorkBench.» → «They may not do all that much but they’re pretty cool to look at. Your Sim would like to build a Widget, the most basic of all inventions. Stock up on Scrap and get started at the nearest Inventing WorkBench.»
«{0.SimFirstName} was just nominated for a Simmy Award. Attend the ceremony at the theater to see if you won.» → «{0.SimFirstName} was just nominated for a Simmy Award. Attend the ceremony at the cinema to see if you won.»
«If surf, sun, and fun are what you’re after then this is the perfect vacation spot for you!» → «If surf, sun, and fun are what you’re after then this is the perfect holiday spot for you!»
«The green coast has long been a place for relaxation and rejuvenation. The modern resort is built on the ruins of a colonial era fort that was used by the famous pirate Currency Charlie as a place to relax between pillaging and plundering. Beauty and history combined with modern luxuries make this the perfect vacation spot for families, couples, and single Sims alike.» → «The green coast has long been a place for relaxation and rejuvenation. The modern resort is built on the ruins of a colonial era fort that was used by the famous pirate Currency Charlie as a place to relax between pillaging and plundering. Beauty and history combined with modern luxuries make this the perfect holiday spot for families, couples, and single Sims alike.»
«Great artists of yore sculpted the human figure out of marble using only a chisel and hammer! Modernized for the today's world, Venus de Model was chiseled out of plywood.» → «Great artists of yore sculpted the human figure out of marble using only a chisel and hammer! Modernised for the today's world, Venus de Model was chiseled out of plywood.»
«Meeting new Sims is always fun... if not interesting. An acquaintance of yours thinks it would be fun for you to get to know somone new in the neighborhood. Do this and your relationship will improve and you may even earn a little cash.» → «Meeting new Sims is always fun... if not interesting. An acquaintance of yours thinks it would be fun for you to get to know someone new in the neighbourhood. Do this and your relationship will improve and you may even earn a little cash.»
«Shawarma, Shawerma, Shuarma, Shoarma... Good thing spelling doesn't affect flavor, because if it did, who knows what would be on the menu.» → «Shawarma, Shawerma, Shuarma, Shoarma... Good thing spelling doesn't affect flavour, because if it did, who knows what would be on the menu.»
«Stu Surprise is an icky dish that contains so many flavors that it becomes palateable. Your Sim wants to eat Stu Surprise made with grapes and garlic.» → «Stu Surprise is an icky dish that contains so many flavours that it becomes palateable. Your Sim wants to eat Stu Surprise made with grapes and garlic.»
«One night in late summer the drum maker Qing had a dream where three fish swam in a pond made of clouds. The fish dove down from the sky and touched the mountains where they played together until dawn. When she awoke Qing immediately set to work and immortalized her vision in stone.» → «One night in late summer the drum maker Qing had a dream where three fish swam in a pond made of clouds. The fish dove down from the sky and touched the mountains where they played together until dawn. When she awoke Qing immediately set to work and immortalised her vision in stone.»
«Fifi's favorite fire hydrant! It's where all the dogs go to catch up on the latest gossip, and where they hope to catch a glimpse of the beautiful Parisian Poodle Fifi Le Fleur!» → «Fifi's favourite fire hydrant! It's where all the dogs go to catch up on the latest gossip, and where they hope to catch a glimpse of the beautiful Parisian Poodle Fifi Le Fleur!»
«After writing a wonderfully insightful story, {0.SimFirstName} has won the Simitzer Prize for great reporting!  {0.SimFirstName} can enjoy the cash and the adoration of his co-workers!» → «After writing a wonderfully insightful story, {0.SimFirstName} has won the Simitzer Prize for great reporting! {0.SimFirstName} can enjoy the cash and the adoration of his co-workers!»
«{2.SimName} has just visited a Martial Arts Academy and will always remember feeling inspired and centered in the tranquil facility.» → «{2.SimName} has just visited a Martial Arts Academy and will always remember feeling inspired and centred in the tranquil facility.»
«Current Eyebrow Color» → «Current Eyebrow Colour»
«“Fix Election Machines” at City Hall before time runs out to earn some money.» → «Fix Budget Machines at City Hall before time runs out to earn some money.»
«For supernaturals who are trying to get the most out of undeath, there are few things as comfortable and cozy as stone and fire. Lay your body to rest on a bed that really gives bedtime a sense of ceremony. Tired of standard, cushiony beds? Here’s your Altar-native!» → «For supernaturals who are trying to get the most out of undeath, there are few things as comfortable and cosy as stone and fire. Lay your body to rest on a bed that really gives bedtime a sense of ceremony. Tired of standard, cushiony beds? Here’s your Altar-native!»
«Congratulations! {0.SimFirstName} has been doing a bit  of “work” on the side and has managed to earn {1.Money} from his activities.» → «Congratulations! {0.SimFirstName} has been doing a bit of “work” on the side and has managed to earn {1.Money} from his activities.»
«Add current material to favorites» → «Add current material to favourites»
«{0.SimFirstName} could use a bit of sustenance.  After all, horses' stomachs can growl too!» → «{0.SimFirstName} could use a bit of sustenance. After all, horses' stomachs can growl too!»
«A rare metal has been discovered in Egypt and the military thinks it may have just the right elemental properties to propel the next generation of stealth aircraft! Your boss has asked you to collect some specimens of ‘Mummitomium’ for research.  You’ll be paid for the overtime work.» → «A rare metal has been discovered in Egypt and the military thinks it may have just the right elemental properties to propel the next generation of stealth aircraft! Your boss has asked you to collect some specimens of ‘Mummitomium’ for research. You’ll be paid for the overtime work.»
«Have Sims jog a total of 2000 kilometers» → «Have Sims jog a total of 2000 kilometres (1242mi)»
«"Analyze Prints" at local police station» → «"Analyse Prints" at local police station»
«How disgustingly odd. There's goo all over the place. Frankly, I've never seen anything like it. I should head to the science facility to analyze this. I'm dying to find out what it is.» → «How disgustingly odd. There's goo all over the place. Frankly, I've never seen anything like it. I should head to the science facility to analyse this. I'm dying to find out what it is.»
«Term GPA» → «Term marks»
«There is currently no Base Camp.  You must make one before returning to game.» → «There is currently no Base Camp. You must make one before returning to game.»
«Water conservationists are quick to condemn the Shower of Power for its touted 750 gallon per minute flow rate. But what they fail to mention is that it’s also acoustically designed for optimum singing... and who can condemn that?» → «Water conservationists are quick to condemn the Shower of Power for its touted 3,000 litre per minute flow rate. But what they fail to mention is that it’s also acoustically designed for optimum singing... and who can condemn that?»
«This rock was once used to mark the border between a ranch and a highway.» → «This rock was once used to mark the border between a ranch and a motorway.»
«Help Organize Music» → «Help Organise Music»
«{0.SimName} isn’t proud of that brawl during the postgame analysis, but these things happen…» → «{0.SimName} isn’t proud of that brawl during the post-match analysis, but these things happen…»
«Ethan is unfortunately caught in the middle of his parent's troubled marriage. With his dad's time spent away from home and penchant for partying, young Ethan has grown even closer to his mom. Will he have to make do without a strong father figure to guide him?» → «Ethan is unfortunately caught in the middle of his parent's troubled marriage. With his dad's time spent away from home and penchant for partying, young Ethan has grown even closer to his mum. Will he have to make do without a strong father figure to guide him?»
« A Makeover» → «A Makeover»
«Crescent Bay Pied a Terre - Studio, 1ba» → «Crescent Bay Pied-à-terre - Studio, 1ba»
«Spirits are everywhere. As a ghost hunter, your Sim wants to look for spirits by clicking the location in the neighborhood and beginning the search.» → «Spirits are everywhere. As a ghost hunter, your Sim wants to look for spirits by clicking the location in the neighbourhood and beginning the search.»
«The Bridgeport Bass Fellowship congratulates you, {0.SimName}, for attaining the premier level of merit in your musical accomplishments. Please accept this attractive framed certificate and display it with honor knowing others will see just how skillful you are.» → «The Bridgeport Bass Fellowship congratulates you, {0.SimName}, for attaining the premier level of merit in your musical accomplishments. Please accept this attractive framed certificate and display it with honour knowing others will see just how skillful you are.»
«Finnegan left his upper class home in search of fame when he realized his parents would never support his dreams of stardom. After jumping on a bus in search of a new life, he landed a temporary job that suited his lifestyle – professional pool boy to the Buckshots. Madeline, realizing his raw talent, quickly moved him into the main house. The relationship with Madeline may not be true love, but Finnegan loves the life he’s living in a nice house, with lots of Simoleons, and a singing career that just might take him somewhere.» → «Finnegan left his upper class home in search of fame when he realised his parents would never support his dreams of stardom. After jumping on a bus in search of a new life, he landed a temporary job that suited his lifestyle – professional pool boy to the Buckshots. Madeline, realising his raw talent, quickly moved him into the main house. The relationship with Madeline may not be true love, but Finnegan loves the life he’s living in a nice house, with lots of Simoleons, and a singing career that just might take him somewhere.»
«Gracie is a free spirit, but she reigns it in for her day job. Don't be mistaken, she loves working with the kids at Crestview School and takes satisfaction from the opportunity to help shape their lives. But is there more to Graci than meets the eye? When she's not busy grading papers she dreams of a glamourous life in modeling and finding the right man to sweep her off her feet.» → «Gracie is a free spirit, but she reigns it in for her day job. Don't be mistaken, she loves working with the kids at Crestview School and takes satisfaction from the opportunity to help shape their lives. But is there more to Graci than meets the eye? When she's not busy grading papers she dreams of a glamourous life in modeling and finding the right lad to sweep her off her feet.»
«The Flavor Savor is great for Nectar enthusiasts who are just entering the world of Nectarology. Designed with the perfect balance between function and cost, this Nectar rack will age your Nectar bottles just fine.» → «The flavour Savor is great for Nectar enthusiasts who are just entering the world of Nectarology. Designed with the perfect balance between function and cost, this Nectar rack will age your Nectar bottles just fine.»
«Beetles think that their hard exoskeletons will protect them from predators, but your cat knows better!  Your cat wants to Catch a Beetle.» → «Beetles think that their hard exoskeletons will protect them from predators, but your cat knows better! Your cat wants to Catch a Beetle.»
«Ah, Madame!  You have returned my precious baseball.  I thank you from the depths of my heart.  It is lucky you see, I would never dare to go into a place like those ruins without it at my side.  That is why I had to pay you to do it for me. \n\nSpeaking of payment, here are some Ancient Coins.  You will find these scattered around many tombs that you explore. Some merchants, for instance {16.SimName}, only accept these for their wares.  The most interesting of items can be purchased with them.  Now, enjoy the rest of your time in Champs Les Sims!» → «Ah, Madame! You have returned my precious baseball. I thank you from the depths of my heart. It is lucky you see, I would never dare to go into a place like those ruins without it at my side. That is why I had to pay you to do it for me. \n\nSpeaking of payment, here are some Ancient Coins. You will find these scattered around many tombs that you explore. Some merchants, for instance {16.SimName}, only accept these for their wares. The most interesting of items can be purchased with them. Now, enjoy the rest of your time in Champs Les Sims!»
«• Organizing protests is for true Rebels!» → «• Organising protests is for true Rebels!»
«An unknown creature that lives deep within the seas. Rumors have it that this kraken will occasionally surface and attack unknowing boats. Not much is known about this creature and only a few have witness its enormous size.» → «An unknown creature that lives deep within the seas. Rumours have it that this kraken will occasionally surface and attack unknowing boats. Not much is known about this creature and only a few have witness its enormous size.»
«Favorite Meal: {0.String}» → «Favourite Meal: {0.String}»
«{0.SimFirstName}'s soccer match ended in a draw.» → «{0.SimFirstName}'s football match ended in a draw.»
«The futuristic city of Oasis Landing is bustling with activity. The Bot Arena and Gallery Shop are local favorites, but adventurous types will love the Wasteland.» → «The futuristic city of Oasis Landing is bustling with activity. The Bot Arena and Gallery Shop are local favourites, but adventurous types will love the Wasteland.»
«The chef is astounded with your gardening abilities! Here are your Omni Plant seeds. You can feed a huge variety of things and ingredients to the Omni Plant to grow more of them!  It’s amazing what you can do with modern farming techniques! Don’t forget to use your mail box to order more seeds!» → «The chef is astounded with your gardening abilities! Here are your Omni Plant seeds. You can feed a huge variety of things and ingredients to the Omni Plant to grow more of them! It’s amazing what you can do with modern farming techniques! Don’t forget to use your post box to order more seeds!»
«Only one Daycare can be active per household. {0.SimName} has retired from Daycare because {1.SimName} is already running a Daycare.» → «Only one Nursery can be active per household. {0.SimName} has retired from Nursery because {1.SimName} is already running a Daycare.»
«• Socialize with prominent Nerds.» → «• Socialise with prominent Nerds.»
«All the lack of exercise is starting to get to {0.SimFirstName}!  Being restless for too long isn't going to make {MA.him}{FA.her} happy.» → «All the lack of exercise is starting to get to {0.SimFirstName}! Being restless for too long isn't going to make {MA.him}{FA.her} happy.»
«{OpTargetFirstName} was happy to receive the consignment and made many comments regarding the fine quality of {OpOwner}'s craftsmanship.» → «{OpTargetFirstName} was happy to receive the consignment and made many comments regarding the fine quality of {OpOwner}'s craftsmanship.»
«While at a party, Ariella fell in love with Mithun from the moment he told her he was a professional athlete. After following Mithun out to the city, Ariella's trying to get her own life on track. Never quite sure what she wanted to do in life, she happened upon a political job where she's quickly moving up the ladder.  Now that Ariella’s found something she's good at, she’s starting to think about settling down. She loves Mithun and hopes they'll one day have a family together, but wonders if Mithun will ever grow up and put their relationship before his mooch of a best friend, Ernesto.» → «While at a party, Ariella fell in love with Mithun from the moment he told her he was a professional athlete. After following Mithun out to the city, Ariella's trying to get her own life on track. Never quite sure what she wanted to do in life, she happened upon a political job where she's quickly moving up the ladder. Now that Ariella’s found something she's good at, she’s starting to think about settling down. She loves Mithun and hopes they'll one day have a family together, but wonders if Mithun will ever grow up and put their relationship before his mooch of a best friend, Ernesto.»
«Traveling abroad is more fun when there is a place to call home. Your Sim wants to buy a vacation home in Shang Simla, which can be arranged by using a phone or computer to "Purchase Vacation Home."» → «Travelling abroad is more fun when there is a place to call home. Your Sim wants to buy a vacation home in Shang Simla, which can be arranged by using a phone or computer to "Purchase Vacation Home."»
«Use the Brain Enhancing Machine to  enhance your brain!» → «Use the Brain Enhancing Machine to enhance your brain!»
«Organize Collections» → «Organise Collections»
«Be Patronized» → «Be Patronised»
«The Necteaux Institute of Nectar Crafting \nhereby recognizes \n{0.SimName} \nas having exceptional skills in the art of Nectar Making. \n\nAwarded: {DateAndTime}, Witnessing Officer: Mr. E Holmbergé» → «The Necteaux Institute of Nectar Crafting \nhereby recognises \n{0.SimName} \nas having exceptional skills in the art of Nectar Making. \n\nAwarded: {DateAndTime}, Witnessing Officer: Mr. E Holmbergé»
«The pursuit of science is not always one of safety. The Carnivorous Plant Tender is very much in harm’s way, but that’s no excuse for sloppy data collection and analysis. Stay on the plants’ good sides, and continue developing your scientific skills. Hopefully a more appetizing position will open up... ideally before you become too appetizing yourself!» → «The pursuit of science is not always one of safety. The Carnivorous Plant Tender is very much in harm’s way, but that’s no excuse for sloppy data collection and analysis. Stay on the plants’ good sides, and continue developing your scientific skills. Hopefully a more appetising position will open up... ideally before you become too appetising yourself!»
«If multiple wishes are available, these little arrows will appear on either side of the wish area. You can cycle through wishes  to pick and choose the ones you want.» → «If multiple wishes are available, these little arrows will appear on either side of the wish area. You can cycle through wishes to pick and choose the ones you want.»
«• Socialize with prominent Jocks.» → «• Socialise with prominent Jocks.»
«{1.SimFirstName} can feel the inner peace building with every second.  Well, we don't want too much inner peace do we?  {1.SimFirstName} can head home whenever he wishes.» → «{1.SimFirstName} can feel the inner peace building with every second. Well, we don't want too much inner peace do we? {1.SimFirstName} can head home whenever he wishes.»
«Bridgeport Armory - 3br, 1ba» → «Bridgeport Armoury - 3br, 1ba»
«The same folks that brought you such miraculous space saving concepts as "The Box and the Hollowed Out Ottoman" now bring us the latest advance:  STACKING!  "2 Buckets in 1" is representative of this life changing concept.  Embrace its revolutionary simplicity.» → «The same folks that brought you such miraculous space saving concepts as "The Box and the Hollowed Out Ottoman" now bring us the latest advance: STACKING! "2 Buckets in 1" is representative of this life changing concept. Embrace its revolutionary simplicity.»
«Congratulations, {0.SimFirstName}'s Celebrity Level is high enough to have gotten in with the Celebrity {1.SimName}! Now they can socialize with each other.» → «Congratulations, {0.SimFirstName}'s Celebrity Level is high enough to have gotten in with the Celebrity {1.SimName}! Now they can socialise with each other.»
«Apparently, {OpTarget} referred to {OpSource} as a "llama brained gnome herder." Seems honorary to me, but {OpSourceFirstName} claims it's highly insulting. I'm being paid to dispel the rumor amongst several locals.» → «Apparently, {OpTarget} referred to {OpSource} as a "llama brained gnome herder." Seems honourary to me, but {OpSourceFirstName} claims it's highly insulting. I'm being paid to dispel the rumour amongst several locals.»
«An Endeavor for Flavor» → «An Endeavor for Flavour»
«Why commute in a gas guzzling automobile when a bike has zero emissions and is so stylish?» → «Why commute in a petrol-guzzling automobile when a bike has zero emissions and is so stylish?»
«Twinbrook Lakefront Wellness Center» → «Twinbrook Lakefront Wellness Centre»
«The top of the Eiffel Tower offers a truly mesmerizing view of Champs Les Sims that overcomes even the greatest of travel brochures!» → «The top of the Eiffel Tower offers a truly mesmerising view of Champs Les Sims that overcomes even the greatest of travel brochures!»
«Your Sim is eager to grow the very best produce. Plant some seeds, fertilize, weed, and water them and hope your Sim's skill is enough to grow perfection.» → «Your Sim is eager to grow the very best produce. Plant some seeds, Fertilise, weed, and water them and hope your Sim's skill is enough to grow perfection.»
«Thank you for playing The Sims™ 3 Pets Create a Pet Demo.  What would you like to do next?» → «Thank you for playing The Sims™ 3 Pets Create a Pet Demo. What would you like to do next?»
«Color» → «Colour»
«The helpful warehouse manager at the medical equipment company says City Hall hasn't approved the equipment for use in this neighborhood yet. The paper work is completely jammed into the bureaucratic machine! {OpOwner} should convince {OpTarget} to move the paper work through the approval process a bit more quickly.» → «The helpful warehouse manager at the medical equipment company says City Hall hasn't approved the equipment for use in this neighbourhood yet. The paper work is completely jammed into the bureaucratic machine! {OpOwner} should convince {OpTarget} to move the paper work through the approval process a bit more quickly.»
«Attend Free Game With Date» → «Attend Free Match With Date»
«Hmm, this isn't decisive proof yet but I will keep this relic and see what other secrets it holds.  I'll get back to you on that.  Meanwhile my friend still needs some help.  Your previous efforts haven't helped him much but I have another idea.  Perhaps you can use some of that foreign charm and tell at least {10.Number} locals about {2.String} and how they are so very awesome.  And tell {2.String} what you've done, as the reward will no doubt be grand!» → «Hmm, this isn't decisive proof yet but I will keep this relic and see what other secrets it holds. I'll get back to you on that. Meanwhile my friend still needs some help. Your previous efforts haven't helped him much but I have another idea. Perhaps you can use some of that foreign charm and tell at least {10.Number} locals about {2.String} and how they are so very awesome. And tell {2.String} what you've done, as the reward will no doubt be grand!»
«After one too many run-ins with lawsuits, we've decided to put our warning in the name of this cannon. This cannon will look great on your stage or in your home, and it will shoot out some lovely (non-flammable, safe, and environmentally friendly!) sparks, but it will not shoot out any other things including--but not limited to!--cannonballs, Clown Sims, Daredevil Sims, Sim dogs, pies, fish, jellyfish, llamas, or gnomes. There is absolutely no additional functionality on this cannon!» → «After one too many run-ins with lawsuits, we've decided to put our warning in the name of this cannon. This cannon will look great on your stage or in your home, and it will shoot out some lovely (non-flammable, safe, and environmentally friendly!) sparks, but it will not shoot out any other things including—but not limited to!—cannonballs, Clown Sims, Daredevil Sims, Sim dogs, pies, fish, jellyfish, llamas, or gnomes. There is absolutely no additional functionality on this cannon!»
«An ingenious design from your friends at Simina pet products, the Kitty Bag is a colorful cat and kitten enclosure that provides fun for felines and Sims alike! Cats will delight in the cave-like hideaway that allows them to Lure their Sim companions in for a friendly tap or a ferocious scratch! Sims will marvel at the “Awwww” inspiring cuteness of this innovative product.» → «An ingenious design from your friends at Simina pet products, the Kitty Bag is a colourful cat and kitten enclosure that provides fun for felines and Sims alike! Cats will delight in the cave-like hideaway that allows them to Lure their Sim companions in for a friendly tap or a ferocious scratch! Sims will marvel at the “Awwww” inspiring cuteness of this innovative product.»
«If a plumbob is green, what color is a greenbob?» → «If a plumbob is green, what colour is a greenbob?»
«When a Llama sleeps do they dream in color or 3D?» → «When a Llama sleeps do they dream in colour or 3D?»
«What is a vampire’s least favorite day of the year?» → «What is a vampire’s least favourite day of the year?»
«The nanopede is a very rare arthropod that has up to a billion legs per specimen. Of course they tend to be over 120 feet long. The specimen in this bottle is the even more uncommon miniature nanopede, which is a few inches long and has about 40 legs. Still pretty impressive, though.» → «The nanopede is a very rare arthropod that has up to a billion legs per specimen. Of course they tend to be over 120 feet (40m) long. The specimen in this bottle is the even more uncommon miniature nanopede, which is a few inches long (10~20cm) and has about 40 legs. Still pretty impressive, though.»
«You understand that nothing’s funnier than making another Sim jump. Manipulating emotions is your favorite game, and everyone else had better watch out!» → «You understand that nothing’s funnier than making another Sim jump. Manipulating emotions is your favourite game, and everyone else had better watch out!»
«Javed is an accomplished Acrobat on his way to the top. Since his breakout performance a few years back, word of his skill has spread throughout the city. These days, he is frequently recognized by fans and always gets rave reviews for his performances. An avid reader, Javed enjoys spending his free time in the park or woods with a good book so he can combine two of his favorite past-times. He desires to settle down and have a family, but unfortunately true love has been elusive despite his success.» → «Javed is an accomplished Acrobat on his way to the top. Since his breakout performance a few years back, word of his skill has spread throughout the city. These days, he is frequently recognised by fans and always gets rave reviews for his performances. An avid reader, Javed enjoys spending his free time in the park or woods with a good book so he can combine two of his favourite past-times. He desires to settle down and have a family, but unfortunately true love has been elusive despite his success.»
«{1.SimName} is the child I always dreamed of having. {MB.He}{FB.She} is more obedient and kinder to me. Words can't express how grateful I am for your teachings. Here's {3.Money}, it's the least I can do!» → «{1.SimName} is the child I always dreamt of having. {MB.He}{FB.She} is more obedient and kinder to me. Words can't express how grateful I am for your teachings. Here's {3.Money}, it's the least I can do!»
«Attend a Game» → «Attend a Match»
«Product Localization Manager» → «Product Localisation Manager»
«Now we just need a house.  Pick one from the neighborhood.» → «Now we just need a house. Pick one from the neighbourhood.»
«While it is well known that Albert Smalls was not overly tall, he protested that this particular sculpture was not an attempt to make up for his decidedly diminutive stature, but rather meant to symbolize how society’s preoccupation with size is in fact grossly belittling.» → «While it is well known that Albert Smalls was not overly tall, he protested that this particular sculpture was not an attempt to make up for his decidedly diminutive stature, but rather meant to symbolise how society’s preoccupation with size is in fact grossly belittling.»
«At one time these were the most mystical elixirs known to Sims. But now, they’re just empty bottles. Not just any empty bottle – but an intricate bottle at that! Although the powers contained within these bottles are long gone, there’s nothing stopping you from impressing your friends with a  good story about the powers that lurk within.» → «At one time these were the most mystical elixirs known to Sims. But now, they’re just empty bottles. Not just any empty bottle – but an intricate bottle at that! Although the powers contained within these bottles are long gone, there’s nothing stopping you from impressing your friends with a good story about the powers that lurk within.»
«Browse everything for sale on the store.thesims3.com and even more via Shop Mode.  You can manage your account from the left navigation, check your SimPoints, access your billing history and even register your game.» → «Browse everything for sale on the store.thesims3.com and even more via Shop Mode. You can manage your account from the left navigation, check your SimPoints, access your billing history and even register your game.»
«You can browse The Sims 3 Store using the left navigation or click on category buttons at the top to jump around.  Click Home any time to return to the homepage.» → «You can browse The Sims 3 Store using the left navigation or click on category buttons at the top to jump around. Click Home any time to return to the homepage.»
«Where did your stuff go?  Access the Downloads Dashboard from your Options Menu or from Shop Mode to see what is installing and what else you can add to your game.  Just remember, you need to be logged into The Sims 3 Store.» → «Where did your stuff go? Access the Downloads Dashboard from your Options Menu or from Shop Mode to see what is installing and what else you can add to your game. Just remember, you need to be logged into The Sims 3 Store.»
«Sometimes unicorns like to use their powers for evil things, like cursing plants.  Your Unicorn wants to Curse a Plant.» → «Sometimes unicorns like to use their powers for evil things, like cursing plants. Your Unicorn wants to Curse a Plant.»
«"Organize Music" at {OpTarget}.» → «"Organise Music" at {OpTarget}.»
«A note from this painter’s journal reveals that the image was inspired by an old myth about a cursed group ghost riders chasing a spectral herd of cattle across the sky for eternity. This was a punishment for being wicked in their lives. The man in the painting still has the opportunity to change his ways before joining their cursed drive. Will he find redemption? Or will he show his true side?» → «A note from this painter’s journal reveals that the image was inspired by an old myth about a cursed group ghost riders chasing a spectral herd of cattle across the sky for eternity. This was a punishment for being wicked in their lives. The lad in the painting still has the opportunity to change his ways before joining their cursed drive. Will he find redemption? Or will he show his true side?»
«Built strong and hearty like the farm folk of yore, Old Barley's Lucky Barstool will keep your Sims deeply grounded while they enjoy their favorite meals. Luck implied, but not included.» → «Built strong and hearty like the farm folk of yore, Old Barley's Lucky Barstool will keep your Sims deeply grounded while they enjoy their favourite meals. Luck implied, but not included.»
«3BR / 3 Bath - This former fraternity house has seen it’s share of hazing and wild parties. However we are confident that with its current residents and it’s calm neighbors it will graduate to find its place in the community.» → «3BR / 3 Bath - This former fraternity house has seen its share of hazing and wild parties. However, we are confident that with its current residents and its calm neighbours, it will graduate to find its place in the community.»
«Honored Time Keeper» → «Honoured Time Keeper»
«The Illuminati of the 34th Century discovered {0.SimFirstName}'s time traveling power and almost kidnapped {MA.him}{FA.her} before {MA.he}{FA.she} escaped through the time stream. Who knows what those guys would've done with that kind of power!?» → «The Illuminati of the 34th Century discovered {0.SimFirstName}'s time travelling power and almost kidnapped {MA.him}{FA.her} before {MA.he}{FA.she} escaped through the time stream. Who knows what those guys would've done with that kind of power!?»
«{0.SimFirstName} appeared accidentally in the middle of a crowd while time traveling, but nobody noticed. They were all cheering about how some kind of shepherd just saved the galaxy from some huge ancient machine god threat. The celebration was definitely cool though.» → «{0.SimFirstName} appeared accidentally in the middle of a crowd while time travelling, but nobody noticed. They were all cheering about how some kind of shepherd just saved the galaxy from some huge ancient machine god threat. The celebration was definitely cool though.»
«Plumbots increase their chances of winning by making sure their Needs are high and using the appropriate Trait Chips.  For example, the Efficient Trait Chip gives Plumbots a bonus to all types of Competition while Simulated Emotions will benefit Plumbot in an EmotiBotting Competition. Professional Tune Ups also give you a little extra kick so it’s best to know someone in the Bot Arena Career.» → «Plumbots increase their chances of winning by making sure their Needs are high and using the appropriate Trait Chips. For example, the Efficient Trait Chip gives Plumbots a bonus to all types of Competition while Simulated Emotions will benefit Plumbot in an EmotiBotting Competition. Professional Tune Ups also give you a little extra kick so it’s best to know someone in the Bot Arena Career.»
«Continue training with this beginner level jump obstacle. With plenty of hard work, your horse will become the next jumping phenomenon the world has been waiting for!  After mastering this jump, your next obstacle is waiting for you just around the corner.» → «Continue training with this beginner level jump obstacle. With plenty of hard work, your horse will become the next jumping phenomenon the world has been waiting for! After mastering this jump, your next obstacle is waiting for you just around the corner.»
«Research and quality documentation is important to any Sim who wants to show off their investigative skills. Get info by questioning any Sim in the town (or by digging through their trash) and write up a report on the computer.» → «Research and quality documentation is important to any Sim who wants to show off their investigative skills. Get info by questioning any Sim in the town (or by digging through their rubbish) and write up a report on the computer.»
«It's big, it's bold and it's in your face!  Now guaranteed to let in 10% more light than ever before.  Remember if it has to be an X window, make sure it's The Classic X.  Anything less is just an overhyped glass wall allowing the sun's rays to pass through its surface with minimal refraction.» → «It's big, it's bold and it's in your face! Now guaranteed to let in 10% more light than ever before. Remember if it has to be an X window, make sure it's The Classic X. Anything less is just an overhyped glass wall allowing the sun's rays to pass through its surface with minimal refraction.»
«Now that you're teaching high school students, you're going to have to find ways to boost their test scores. Your boss wants you to read "Standardized Test Standards". You'll get job performance and some relationship with your boss.» → «Now that you're teaching high school students, you're going to have to find ways to boost their test scores. Your boss wants you to read "Standardised Test Standards". You'll get job performance and some relationship with your boss.»
« Interaction can be completed with proper seating.» → «Interaction can be completed with proper seating.»
«"Snoop for Clues" at a centralized, very public fishing spot» → «"Snoop for Clues" at a centralised, very public fishing spot»
« Also, I love all those special decorative objects you used.» → «Also, I love all those special decorative objects you used.»
«The early promise of the local mine saw money pour into the community, even enticing the governor to establish his seat of power in the region. When the gold ran out the governor relocated, but his extravagant mansion remained. It now serves as city hall, as well as housing the police department and a military outpost.» → «The early promise of the local mine saw money pour into the community, even enticing the regional minister to establish his seat of power in the region. When the gold ran out the regional minister relocated, but his extravagant mansion remained. It now serves as city hall, as well as housing the police department and a military outpost.»
«There is not enough free disk space to update The Sims™ 3.  Delete old or unnecessary files before trying to install this product. Setup will now exit.» → «There is not enough free disk space to update The Sims™ 3. Delete old or unnecessary files before trying to install this product. Setup will now exit.»
«You’re ready to move from Sing-A-Grams and performing for tips to taking center stage…on an actual stage! Audition at any of the Live Show Venues, and take your career to the next level.» → «You’re ready to move from Sing-A-Grams and performing for tips to taking centre stage…on an actual stage! Audition at any of the Live Show Venues, and take your career to the next level.»
«Traveling abroad is more fun when there is a place to call home. Your Sim wants to buy a vacation home in Champs Les Sims, which can be arranged by using a phone or computer to "Purchase Vacation Home."» → «Travelling abroad is more fun when there is a place to call home. Your Sim wants to buy a vacation home in Champs Les Sims, which can be arranged by using a phone or computer to "Purchase Vacation Home."»
«Save your furniture!  Save your house!  This reward will make it so your pet will never scratch or bite furniture, roll in puddles, or get into the trash and kitty litter….of course unless you really want them to.» → «Save your furniture! Save your house! This reward will make it so your pet will never scratch or bite furniture, roll in puddles, or get into the trash and kitty litter….of course unless you really want them to.»
«Soccer Ball» → «Football Ball»
«Spaceship Cookie» → «Spaceship Biscuit»
«Those who frequent The Mermaid Grotto boast of its beauty. The colorful corals attract many visitors here, both from water and land!» → «Those who frequent The Mermaid Grotto boast of its beauty. The colourful corals attract many visitors here, both from water and land!»
«The city is always observing the performance of firefighters to gauge  effectiveness. Your Sim wants to earn a perfect score when tackling an emergency.» → «The city is always observing the performance of firefighters to gauge effectiveness. Your Sim wants to earn a perfect score when tackling an emergency.»
«Humor Novelist» → «Humour Novelist»
«It’s one of the all-time favorite activities for people to look at and go “I could probably do that.” Your Sim wants to watch some snowboarding.» → «It’s one of the all-time favourite activities for people to look at and go “I could probably do that.” Your Sim wants to watch some snowboarding.»
«Fire Truck» → «Fire Engine»
«To the drawing board; your blank canvas, your blue sky!  Paint as if your life depended on it and then step back to let the world admire your delicate expression.  If you keep at it (or suffer a great tragedy) your paintings will be highly sought after and could make you rich!» → «To the drawing board; your blank canvas, your blue sky! Paint as if your life depended on it and then step back to let the world admire your delicate expression. If you keep at it (or suffer a great tragedy) your paintings will be highly sought after and could make you rich!»
«Yes, we know, everyone wants a white picket fence. Fine, here you go. At least promise me you'll consider painting it an actual color, or something.» → «Yes, we know, everyone wants a white picket fence. Fine, here you go. At least promise me you'll consider painting it an actual colour, or something.»
«Sims who demand the finest that grass has to offer turn to Great Grass. Guaranteed to make you the envy of all your neighbors!» → «Sims who demand the finest that grass has to offer turn to Great Grass. Guaranteed to make you the envy of all your neighbours!»
«When enabled, the game will continue to simulate even when the game is minimized.» → «When enabled, the game will continue to simulate even when the game is minimised.»
«The press laud {0.SimFirstName}'s ability to resist heavy-handed government oppression!  But the government officials aren't too pleased...» → «The press laud {0.SimFirstName}'s ability to resist heavy-handed government oppression! But the government officials aren't too pleased...»
«{0.SimFirstName} swam with reckless abandon to make it to the top of the waterfall. It took every last ounce of strength, but {0.SimFirstName} was able to recover the cage of flies and appease the green frog.» → «{0.SimFirstName} swam with reckless abandon to make it to the top of the waterfall. It took every last gram of strength, but {0.SimFirstName} was able to recover the cage of flies and appease the green frog.»
«High School...» → «Secondary School...»
«{OpTarget} was happy to receive the new Sculpture -- it came out very well! There was some leftover Scrap that {OpTarget} is more than glad to give to {OpOwner}.» → «{OpTarget} was happy to receive the new Sculpture — it came out very well! There was some leftover Scrap that {OpTarget} is more than glad to give to {OpOwner}.»
«The Greeks knew the value of that elusive diagonal and the value of a great bath.  Even if all that goes over your Sim's head, the water level in this tub won't.  Don't be fooled by the ancient label, this bathtub is cutting edge and a must have for any high-end bathroom.» → «The Greeks knew the value of that elusive diagonal and the value of a great bath. Even if all that goes over your Sim's head, the water level in this tub won't. Don't be fooled by the ancient label, this bathtub is cutting edge and a must have for any high-end bathroom.»
«Bring {0.SimName} a group serving of cheesesteaks.» → «Bring {0.SimName} a group serving of Philly Cheesesteaks.»
«With so many flashy Sims in the neighborhood, it’s easy to overlook poor Buster. If only he could earn enough in tips to afford a few more instruments… that would really make his day! Maybe he can even move out of his current digs?» → «With so many flashy Sims in the neighbourhood, it’s easy to overlook poor Buster. If only he could earn enough in tips to afford a few more instruments… that would really make his day! Maybe he can even move out of his current digs?»
«The convenient floor plan of this darling home will keep your entire family comfortable and happy.  It is a pleasure to look at, inside and out.» → «The convenient floor plan of this darling home will keep your entire family comfortable and happy. It is a pleasure to look at, inside and out.»
«Go to the Theater to entertain at the film premiere.» → «Go to the Cinema to entertain at the film premiere.»
«Although it's not the most conventional of fruits, a pomegranate's tiny little seeds pack a punch of flavorful goodness.» → «Although it's not the most conventional of fruits, a pomegranate's tiny little seeds pack a punch of flavourful goodness.»
«Equestrian Center competitions won per category with this Horse.» → «Equestrian Centre competitions won per category with this Horse.»
«Nearby projection panels have {0.SimFirstName} happy and thoroughly entertained.  Suddenly, normal walls seem like such a letdown.» → «Nearby projection panels have {0.SimFirstName} happy and thoroughly entertained. Suddenly, normal walls seem like such a letdown.»
«Things with the band didn't seem to quite jive today, even though people were working hard. To prevent panic, an ancient roadie, Ray, brought out an eight track of some interesting tunes that had a great beat!  It really picked up the work place and left {0.SimFirstName} feeling pretty good!» → «Things with the band didn't seem to quite jive today, even though people were working hard. To prevent panic, an ancient roadie, Ray, brought out an eight track of some interesting tunes that had a great beat! It really picked up the work place and left {0.SimFirstName} feeling pretty good!»
«Edit Layer Color» → «Edit Layer Colour»
«Dominoes is a game of strategy and skill, with a hint of luck, and it's definitely the most fun when played with a full table of four players!» → «Dominoes is a match of strategy and skill, with a hint of luck, and it's definitely the most fun when played with a full table of four players!»
«Your crepes were delicious and earned you some French cooking credibility. Even your boss admitted they were pretty good and gave you a raise!» → «Your crêpes were delicious and earned you some French cooking credibility. Even your boss admitted they were pretty good and gave you a raise!»
«Favorite Drink» → «Favourite Drink»
«A rose colored corrugated roof.» → «A rose coloured corrugated roof.»
«A colorful Cockatoo.» → «A colourful Cockatoo.»
«Grab your favorite book, sit back and relax in the plush comfort of this oversized chair. The Hyperbole feels as big as a king-sized bed but is small enough to fit in your favorite reading nook.» → «Grab your favourite book, sit back and relax in the plush comfort of this oversized chair. The Hyperbole feels as big as a king-sized bed but is small enough to fit in your favourite reading nook.»
«Grape, better known as purple-flavor, never fails to impress. After one of these snow cones, everything just seems a little more amazing!» → «Grape, better known as purple-flavour, never fails to impress. After one of these sorbets, everything just seems a little more amazing!»
«Odd…I don't recognize most of the names on this list. Of course, all of these mystery names voted for {OpSource}'s opponent…the victor. I have seen one of these names before -- in an obituary. I should snoop for clues at the graveyard.» → «Odd…I don't recognise most of the names on this list. Of course, all of these mystery names voted for {OpSource}'s opponent…the victor. I have seen one of these names before — in an obituary. I should snoop for clues at the graveyard.»
«The grandest of the grand, this three-story installation stuns onlookers with a mighty wall of accumulated knowledge. WARNING: You may be overwhelmed by the sheer number of books on this shelf.» → «The grandest of the grand, this three-floor installation stuns onlookers with a mighty wall of accumulated knowledge. WARNING: You may be overwhelmed by the sheer number of books on this shelf.»
«I am an Honor Student!» → «I am an Honour Student!»
«You currently have one or more expansion packs for The Sims™ 3 installed.  Uninstalling The Sims™ 3 High-End Loft Stuff may cause those expansion pack(s) to no longer function correctly unless you update your game online via The Sims 3 Launcher.  Do you wish to continue uninstalling The Sims™ 3 High-End Loft Stuff?» → «You currently have one or more expansion packs for The Sims™ 3 installed. Uninstalling The Sims™ 3 Design & High-Tech Stuff may cause those expansion pack(s) to no longer function correctly unless you update your game online via The Sims 3 Launcher. Do you wish to continue uninstalling The Sims™ 3 Design & High-Tech Stuff?»
«Bunk down in the Ultimate Bungalow Bed and enjoy roomy accommodations for you and your significant other or whoever you may be sharing your bed with tonight. Sink deep into the patented Rejuvamatic  foam mattress and enjoy a restful night's sleep without feeling your bedmate kicking and flopping around.» → «Bunk down in the Ultimate Bungalow Bed and enjoy roomy accommodations for you and your significant other or whoever you may be sharing your bed with tonight. Sink deep into the patented Rejuvamatic foam mattress and enjoy a restful night's sleep without feeling your bedmate kicking and flopping around.»
«Community Living Center» → «Community Living Centre»
«{2.SimName} just earned a promotion at work! {MA.He}{FA.She}'ll always remember the proud day that {MA.his}{FA.her} hard work was recognized.» → «{2.SimName} just earned a promotion at work! {MA.He}{FA.She}'ll always remember the proud day that {MA.his}{FA.her} hard work was recognised.»
«Mother! Father!  I am finally home!  This much better than cave you left me in!» → «Mother! Father! I am finally home! This much better than cave you left me in!»
«Rumor has it, a blade of the greenest grass in Hidden Springs can hold more water than a hydrated camel.» → «Rumour has it, a blade of the greenest grass in Hidden Springs can hold more water than a hydrated camel.»
«{0.SimFirstName} got lucky this time; {MA.he}{FA.she} detonates and escapes without a fine!» → «{0.SimFirstName} got lucky this time; {MA.he}{FA.she} detonates and escapes without a fine!»
«This is the site of the old watchtower of Champs Les Sims.  May its views bring you much joy.» → «This is the site of the old watchtower of Champs Les Sims. May its views bring you much joy.»
«It’s a good thing those scientists called ahead, this experiment looks quite dangerous.  {0.SimFirstName} watches with concern as they begin, ready to use their medical kit if needed.» → «It’s a good thing those scientists called ahead, this experiment looks quite dangerous. {0.SimFirstName} watches with concern as they begin, ready to use their medical kit if needed.»
«Meet Bethany and Miranda, two sisters who turned an underground tattoo parlor into a corporate empire. They originally commissioned this portrait for the cover of their company’s annual report, but it was so popular they decided to release it to the public.» → «Meet Bethany and Miranda, two sisters who turned an underground tattoo parlour into a corporate empire. They originally commissioned this portrait for the cover of their company’s annual report, but it was so popular they decided to release it to the public.»
«Italianate Victorian style is the centerpiece of this homey, oceanfront, two-story house. It includes a combined living/dining area, large bedrooms with generous porches, and plenty of private outdoor space.» → «Italianate Victorian style is the centrepiece of this homey, oceanfront, two-story house. It includes a combined living/dining area, large bedrooms with generous porches, and plenty of private outdoor space.»
«The celebration of great success for {0.SimFirstName} is starting now at city hall.  Don't be late!» → «The celebration of great success for {0.SimFirstName} is starting now at city hall. Don't be late!»
«• When socializing with other Sims, they will automatically think your Sim is Friendly.» → «• When socialising with other Sims, they will automatically think your Sim is Friendly.»
«Brain Freeze a la mode» → «Brain Freeze à la mode»
«There’s nothing fancy about this house; it’s a utilitarian bungalow style home priced for a Sim who wants a sturdy house without any frills. The contemporary kitchen is tiny but functional, and a bed will fit in the bedrooms with just enough room to spare. There's no denying that the craftsmanship of this house is of the finest caliber.» → «There’s nothing fancy about this house; it’s a utilitarian bungalow style home priced for a Sim who wants a sturdy house without any frills. The contemporary kitchen is tiny but functional, and a bed will fit in the bedrooms with just enough room to spare. There's no denying that the craftsmanship of this house is of the finest calibre.»
«Inviting someone to a sleepover is a recipe for late night fun! Your Sim wants to ask someone to stay over , perhaps to see how long sleep can be avoided!» → «Inviting someone to a sleepover is a recipe for late night fun! Your Sim wants to ask someone to stay over, perhaps to see how long sleep can be avoided!»
«You're not quite up to this venue's standards, {0.String}.  Come back and try again after you've practiced a bit more.» → «You're not quite up to this venue's standards, {0.String}. Come back and try again after you've practiced a bit more.»
«Your unicorn wants to help a plant to grow and prosper.  Your unicorn wants to Bless a Plant.» → «Your unicorn wants to help a plant to grow and prosper. Your unicorn wants to Bless a Plant.»
«Hi!  Welcome to town!  Word down at the lab was that you’ve got some interesting critters around. Mind if I come in and collect some?  You probably wouldn’t want them anyway...» → «Hi! Welcome to town! Word down at the lab was that you’ve got some interesting critters around. Mind if I come in and collect some? You probably wouldn’t want them anyway...»
«Success:  This machine has been de-authorized and you may now authorize the product on an additional machine» → «Success: This machine has been de-authorized and you may now authorize the product on an additional machine»
«{0.SimName} finally reaches the helm. Explosions from cannons can be heard all around, each one punctuated by a small gust of wind. A bald, blue-skinned woman urgently asks for assistance in her captains quarters. A funny, froggy-looking man insists that he knows the only place where {0.SimName} and {MA.his}{FA.her} possessions will be safe. Who does {0.SimName} go with?» → «{0.SimName} finally reaches the helm. Explosions from cannons can be heard all around, each one punctuated by a small gust of wind. A bald, blue-skinned gal urgently asks for assistance in her captains quarters. A funny, froggy-looking lad insists that he knows the only place where {0.SimName} and {MA.his}{FA.her} possessions will be safe. Who does {0.SimName} go with?»
«{0.SimName} finally seems to be getting somewhere. Ahead, in a small clearing, is quite a strange sight. Two figures stand on either side of a lamppost. A mischievous-looking little faun promises to show {0.SimName} the way forward if {MA.he}{FA.she} can make him laugh with a single joke. A tall woman wearing a crown of ice and a severe face offers guidance if {0.SimName} can solve her unsolvable riddle. Which challenge does {0.SimName} accept?» → «{0.SimName} finally seems to be getting somewhere. Ahead, in a small clearing, is quite a strange sight. Two figures stand on either side of a lamppost. A mischievous-looking little faun promises to show {0.SimName} the way forward if {MA.he}{FA.she} can make him laugh with a single joke. A tall gal wearing a crown of ice and a severe face offers guidance if {0.SimName} can solve her unsolvable riddle. Which challenge does {0.SimName} accept?»
«100 Civic Center» → «100 Civic Centre»
« Also, I absolutely love all those hand-crafted objects you used.» → «Also, I absolutely love all those hand-crafted objects you used.»
«{OpSource} is definitely two nuts away from being a squirrel farm. Her boyfriend, {OpTarget}, has no idea. I should search through his mail first to see if there's any evidence of a ring purchase.» → «{OpSource} is definitely two nuts away from being a squirrel farm. Her boyfriend, {OpTarget}, has no idea. I should search through his post first to see if there's any evidence of a ring purchase.»
« Go on a underground adventure and Investigate why this tunnel cannot be drilled any further.» → «Go on a underground adventure and Investigate why this tunnel cannot be drilled any further.»
«Are you sure you want to retire? If {0.SimName} retires now he will earn a pension paying {1.Money} per day.» → «Are you sure you want to retire? If {0.SimName} retires now he will earn a pension paying {1.Money} per day.»
«Good news, all is well in Oasis Landing! Enjoy the sites of the Future and be sure to check out the local favorites such as the Gallery Shop and Bot Arena.» → «Good news, all is well in Oasis Landing! Enjoy the sites of the Future and be sure to check out the local favourites such as the Gallery Shop and Bot Arena.»
«“Highest caliber indeed! I will enjoy this Nectar for quite a while. It just makes my tongue tingle with flavor.”» → «“Highest calibre indeed! I will enjoy this Nectar for quite a while. It just makes my tongue tingle with flavour.”»
«If you want to catch a turtle, it shouldn't be too hard - seeing as how they only travel two feet per hour. And if you can't manage that, you may want to look into something more your speed, like say a rock… Your Sim wants to Catch a Turtle.» → «If you want to catch a turtle, it shouldn't be too hard - seeing as how they only travel 60cm (2') per hour. And if you can't manage that, you may want to look into something more your speed, like say a rock… Your Sim wants to Catch a Turtle.»
«When you want to create a welcoming atmosphere, just reach for the world’s friendliest plant, the Traveler’s Palm! Install one of these and it looks like the whole room is waving to you!» → «When you want to create a welcoming atmosphere, just reach for the world’s friendliest plant, the Traveller’s Palm! Install one of these and it looks like the whole room is waving to you!»
«One of the neighborhood stylists has a beef that I need to solve for {MB.him}{FB.her}. {OpTarget} is convinced a pair of {MB.his}{FB.her} prized designer shoes were stolen when {MB.he}{FB.she} was last at the day spa. I should check in with {MB.him}{FB.her} to start this case.» → «One of the neighbourhood stylists has a beef that I need to solve for {MB.him}{FB.her}. {OpTarget} is convinced a pair of {MB.his}{FB.her} prized designer shoes were stolen when {MB.he}{FB.she} was last at the day spa. I should check in with {MB.him}{FB.her} to start this case.»
«Appaloosa Plains Civic Center» → «Appaloosa Plains Civic Centre»
«Linda was one of those girls who could always be seen with a doll clutched in her arms. She was always playing “mommy” or pretending to teach her class of dollie students. At a young age Linda would practice cooking for her dolls – little did Linda realize she had a natural talent in cooking and followed her love of cooking to make a career out of it. Adopting little Sophie filled the missing void in her life with a magical daughter to raise. Linda suspects she got more than she bargained for in her adoption of Sophie. But whatever the case may be Linda loves Sophie and will raise her the best she can!» → «Linda was one of those girls who could always be seen with a doll clutched in her arms. She was always playing “mommy” or pretending to teach her class of dollie pupils. At a young age Linda would practice cooking for her dolls – little did Linda realize she had a natural talent in cooking and followed her love of cooking to make a career out of it. Adopting little Sophie filled the missing void in her life with a magical daughter to raise. Linda suspects she got more than she bargained for in her adoption of Sophie. But whatever the case may be Linda loves Sophie and will raise her the best she can!»
«You’ve worked so hard to learn about Oasis Landing. A break is well deserved, and you must be parched. Over at the Cafeteria, you’ll find a machine on the counters to synthesize any colored beverage imaginable! Take this Windcarver; you’ll travel faster and have great fun doing it.» → «You’ve worked so hard to learn about Oasis Landing. A break is well deserved, and you must be parched. Over at the Cafeteria, you’ll find a machine on the counters to synthesize any coloured beverage imaginable! Take this Windcarver; you’ll travel faster and have great fun doing it.»
«Courage, stamina, wisdom – these are all qualities of a hero, and they are qualities that you, {0.SimFirstName}, displayed during the recent criminal events that swept across {TownName}. It is my great pleasure and honor to present you with the {1.String} in recognition of your service to {TownName}.» → «Courage, stamina, wisdom – these are all qualities of a hero, and they are qualities that you, {0.SimFirstName}, displayed during the recent criminal events that swept across {TownName}. It is my great pleasure and honour to present you with the {1.String} in recognition of your service to {TownName}.»
«Favorite Subject: None» → «Favourite Subject: None»
«Sebastian Humorsbane» → «Sebastian Humoursbane»
«A strange breeze blows through the chamber.  Barely audible above the sound of the moving air seems to be a voice wispering..."The three, greatest possessions of the Pharaohs.  Stolen and never returned.  They glimmer and sparkle with the radiance of life."» → «A strange breeze blows through the chamber. Barely audible above the sound of the moving air seems to be a voice wispering..."The three, greatest possessions of the Pharaohs. Stolen and never returned. They glimmer and sparkle with the radiance of life."»
«I found a set of prints on the property that are all over the house -- but they don't belong to {OpSource}. I also noticed, or should I say was assaulted, by the overpowering stench of fish. Something fishy is afoot! I should snoop for clues at a fairly public, centralized fishing spot.» → «I found a set of prints on the property that are all over the house — but they don't belong to {OpSource}. I also noticed, or should I say was assaulted, by the overpowering stench of fish. Something fishy is afoot! I should snoop for clues at a fairly public, centralised fishing spot.»
«It’s everyone’s favorite season: Spring! Your Sim wants to celebrate the season at the Spring Festival.» → «It’s everyone’s favourite season: Spring! Your Sim wants to celebrate the season at the Spring Festival.»
«Bracket Frame Center» → «Bracket Frame Centre»
«Once owned by a reputed jewel thief, this hidden gem just might hold a hidden treasure inside its walls.  Perfect for someone who loves to remodel and carries a large sledge hammer.» → «Once owned by a reputed jewel thief, this hidden gem just might hold a hidden treasure inside its walls. Perfect for someone who loves to remodel and carries a large sledge hammer.»
«Minor Pets also enjoy attention as much as other pets do!  Whether this means spending some time playing with your pet, or even watching it do its own thing within a terrarium, it all contributes to keeping your little critters happy.  Just be sure not to keep them in your inventory for too long, as they can escape!» → «Minor Pets also enjoy attention as much as other pets do! Whether this means spending some time playing with your pet, or even watching it do its own thing within a terrarium, it all contributes to keeping your little critters happy. Just be sure not to keep them in your inventory for too long, as they can escape!»
«If you ever feel that your Minor Pets just aren't getting the attention they deserve anymore, you can always set them free.  Letting them return to their natural habitat is always better than neglecting them.  After all, being ignored enough while trapped in a terrarium can't possibly contribute to a long and healthy life.» → «If you ever feel that your Minor Pets just aren't getting the attention they deserve anymore, you can always set them free. Letting them return to their natural habitat is always better than neglecting them. After all, being ignored enough while trapped in a terrarium can't possibly contribute to a long and healthy life.»
«While common Minor Pets can simply be purchased, those that are rarer must be caught out in the wild.  These little critters require just as much care and attention as other pets, so make sure to feed them and clean their terrariums!!» → «While common Minor Pets can simply be purchased, those that are rarer must be caught out in the wild. These little critters require just as much care and attention as other pets, so make sure to feed them and clean their terrariums!!»
«Have your Sim win an apple bobbing contest and a game of horseshoes» → «Have your Sim win an apple bobbing contest and a match of horseshoes»
«The moon possesses strange powers that werewolves can’t resist.  So when the full moon is on the horizon, the inner beast just has to come out!» → «The moon possesses strange powers that werewolves can’t resist. So when the full moon is on the horizon, the inner beast just has to come out!»
«Long Lost Uncle Randy has sent each of the triplets a special gift in the mail. The children should gain relationship with their toy and and perhaps this new friend will surprise them as they age. Get the mail to place the toys in the triplets' inventories.» → «Long Lost Uncle Randy has sent each of the triplets a special gift in the post. The children should gain relationship with their toy and and perhaps this new friend will surprise them as they age. Get the post to place the toys in the triplets' inventories.»
«The triplets' godmother sent each of them a mysterious gift in the mail. It is thought to have mysterious powers that will unlock when relationship is gained and the children age. Get the mail to place the toys in the triplets' inventories.» → «The triplets' godmother sent each of them a mysterious gift in the post. It is thought to have mysterious powers that will unlock when relationship is gained and the children age. Get the post to place the toys in the triplets' inventories.»
«The triplets' parents' dearest friends sent each of them an unusual gift in the mail. It was rumored to have unexplainable abilities when Sims age and have relationship with them. Retrieve the mail to place the toys in the triplets' inventories.» → «The triplets' parents' dearest friends sent each of them an unusual gift in the mail. It was rumoured to have unexplainable abilities when Sims age and have relationship with them. Retrieve the mail to place the toys in the triplets' inventories.»
«The triplets have each received an odd gift in the mail. It is said to hold a special gift as Sims gain relationship with it and age. Get the mail to place the toys in the triplets' inventories.» → «The triplets have each received an odd gift in the post. It is said to hold a special gift as Sims gain relationship with it and age. Get the post to place the toys in the triplets' inventories.»
«This looks to be the right basement.  It certainly feels dangerous.  Time to shut this horror down.» → «This looks to be the right basement. It certainly feels dangerous. Time to shut this horror down.»
«Once you’ve chosen a new home, use the arrows in the center of the panel to move Sims between the new house and the old house.» → «Once you’ve chosen a new home, use the arrows in the centre of the panel to move Sims between the new house and the old house.»
«You can choose to move to an unoccupied home or to an empty lot.  Select one of these options to be taken to Map View, where you can select the lot to move to.  Lots you cannot afford will have grey map tags.» → «You can choose to move to an unoccupied home or to an empty lot. Select one of these options to be taken to Map View, where you can select the lot to move to. Lots you cannot afford will have grey map tags.»
«If you've split up the household, be sure to select which household you'd like to play as once the move is complete.  When choosing to play as the original house, you have the option to just ‘Kick Out’ the Sims that you’ve told to move.  They’ll find a new place in town on their own.» → «If you've split up the household, be sure to select which household you'd like to play as once the move is complete. When choosing to play as the original house, you have the option to just ‘Kick Out’ the Sims that you’ve told to move. They’ll find a new place in town on their own.»
«Plumbots cannot receive this dare without the Sentience Trait Chip or the Humor Trait Chip.» → «Plumbots cannot receive this dare without the Sentience Trait Chip or the Humour Trait Chip.»
«The Margaret Vaguester is for the socialite who doesn’t care about specs. It has some horse power, and does zero to 60 in seconds. It also gets gas mileage on the highway – a little less in the city.» → «The Margaret Vaguester is for the socialite who doesn’t care about specs. It has some horse power, and does zero to 60 in seconds. It also gets petrol mileage on the motorway – a little less in the city.»
«Reserved for residents and special guests only.  Use the Call Box to gain access to this floor.» → «Reserved for residents and special guests only. Use the Call Box to gain access to this floor.»
«Thin Ceiling Molding - Decorative» → «Thin Ceiling Moulding - Decorative»
«Built as the twin to its higher class neighbor, Founder’s Peace was quickly eclipsed by the gigantic bridge built right next to it. Its resident’s often wear earplugs to sleep.» → «Built as the twin to its higher class neighbour, Founder’s Peace was quickly eclipsed by the gigantic bridge built right next to it. Its resident’s often wear earplugs to sleep.»
«My Favorite Film» → «My Favourite Film»
«Time Travelers» → «Time Travellers»
«• Your Sim is like a Sim burglar alarm!  If a robber even steps on the lot while asleep, your Sim will be up in a flash!» → «• Your Sim is like a Sim burglar alarm! If a robber even steps on the lot while asleep, your Sim will be up in a flash!»
«Formalize» → «Formalise»
«Curtains are notorious safe havens for dust, germs, and other microscopic grime . But the Hygieni-Curtain is different. Its self-cleaning Fresh Fabric chemically transforms contaminates into the pleasant scent of ginger and spice. Yummy!» → «Curtains are notorious safe havens for dust, germs, and other microscopic grime . But the Hygieni-Curtain is different. Its self-cleaning Fresh Fabric chemically transforms contaminates into the pleasant scent of ginger and spice. Yummy!»
«Now the neighborhood cats are free to visit your house, so keep an eye out!» → «Now the neighbourhood cats are free to visit your house, so keep an eye out!»
«That's probably enough Sims convinced.  It's time to report to City Hall.» → «That's probably enough Sims convinced. It's time to report to City Hall.»
«{OpSource} would typically run these prints past the database at the police station, but the chief would catch wind and shut down our investigation. However, the prints look rather unique. {OpSourceFirstName} suggests I ask {OpNumEventsGoal} Sims around town if they  have seen these shoes.» → «{OpSource} would typically run these prints past the database at the police station, but the chief would catch wind and shut down our investigation. However, the prints look rather unique. {OpSourceFirstName} suggests I ask {OpNumEventsGoal} Sims around town if they have seen these shoes.»
« Contratulations! {0.SimFirstName} has discovered enough celestial bodies to earn the title Celestial Explorer. Tonight, the stars align in the sky out of respect for {0.SimFirstName}, Celestial Explorer!» → «Contratulations! {0.SimFirstName} has discovered enough celestial bodies to earn the title Celestial Explorer. Tonight, the stars align in the sky out of respect for {0.SimFirstName}, Celestial Explorer!»
«Bayless Memorial Junkyard» → «Bayless Memorial Scrapyard»
«Hey sleepy-head!  Please do the job you came here for.» → «Hey sleepy-head! Please do the job you came here for.»
«Butlers have feelings too. In other words, we are not robots from the future programmed to survey and eventually destroy civilization. That would be utter foolishness.» → «Butlers have feelings too. In other words, we are not robots from the future programmed to survey and eventually destroy civilisation. That would be utter foolishness.»
«Rumors pass ear-to-ear that Fish Kid has lived in the sewers under this town since that mockery of an accident at the science facility.» → «Rumours pass ear-to-ear that Fish Kid has lived in the sewers under this town since that mockery of an accident at the science facility.»
«Don't look a gift horse in the mouth. The sod is liable to sneeze. Violently.» → «Don't look a gift horse in the mouth. That bruv is liable to sneeze. Violently.»
«Teamwork is essential, that way you have another poor sod to blame. Only work alone if you're exemplary and faultless, like myself.» → «Teamwork is essential, that way you have another poor bruv to blame. Only work alone if you're exemplary and faultless, like myself.»
«Karnak is the epitomy of ruins with stuff lying everywhere.  It looks like one could go inside and see if other adventurers have missed anything.  Otherwise, onward to the Temple of Queen Hatshepsut!» → «Karnak is the epitomy of ruins with stuff lying everywhere. It looks like one could go inside and see if other adventurers have missed anything. Otherwise, onward to the Temple of Queen Hatshepsut!»
«To lift {0.SimName}'s suspension from the Daycare Profession, {MA.he}{FA.she} needs to attend class at City Hall.» → «To lift {0.SimName}'s suspension from the Nursery Profession, {MA.he}{FA.she} needs to attend class at City Hall.»
«Attending class at City Hall is needed to lift the Daycare suspension. {0.SimName} should not mistreat children.» → «Attending class at City Hall is needed to lift the Nursery suspension. {0.SimName} should not mistreat children.»
«Don't forget to go to City Hall if {0.SimName} ever wants to work in the Daycare Profession again. {0.SimName} is still suspended from caretaking.» → «Don't forget to go to City Hall if {0.SimName} ever wants to work in the Nursery Profession again. {0.SimName} is still suspended from caretaking.»
«{0.SimName} was reprimanded and suspended from the Daycare Profession. {MA.He}{FA.She} needs to attend class at City Hall to lift the suspension.» → «{0.SimName} was reprimanded and suspended from the Nursery Profession. {MA.He}{FA.She} needs to attend class at City Hall to lift the suspension.»
«Welcome to the Beginner Circuit, Newbie's Row, Amateur Hour... It's time to show them that you are not ready to head back to the riding camp just yet! Head on down to the nearest Equestrian Center to check out the competition! Your Sim wants to Enter a Beginner Jumping Competition.» → «Welcome to the Beginner Circuit, Newbie's Row, Amateur Hour... It's time to show them that you are not ready to head back to the riding camp just yet! Head on down to the nearest Equestrian Centre to check out the competition! Your Sim wants to Enter a Beginner Jumping Competition.»
«Negative moodlets can be caused by what your Sim has done, what has happened to them, or even which traits they have. Each moodlet's tooltip explains where it came from and hints at to how to fix it or minimize its effects. Dealing with your Sim's negative moodlets is a great way to keep their mood up.» → «Negative moodlets can be caused by what your Sim has done, what has happened to them, or even which traits they have. Each moodlet's tooltip explains where it came from and hints at to how to fix it or minimise its effects. Dealing with your Sim's negative moodlets is a great way to keep their mood up.»
«Oh boy! The blues showed up with their sirens screaming -- it was quite the show. I'm just glad I put this nut job away. Who knows what {OpSource} would have that robot do next? The police were more than happy to pay me for services rendered. Case closed.» → «Oh boy! The blues showed up with their sirens screaming — it was quite the show. I'm just glad I put this nut job away. Who knows what {OpSource} would have that robot do next? The police were more than happy to pay me for services rendered. Case closed.»
«{0.SimFirstName} has already written a piece with the title "{1.String}."  Try a different name.» → «{0.SimFirstName} has already written a piece with the title "{1.String}." Try a different name.»
«Being the Sim of the People symbolizes a warm heart and a friendly gesture. Meet, befriend, and entertain the community to be remembered throughout time.\n\n(Match the record and beat one category to earn this title.)» → «Being the Sim of the People symbolises a warm heart and a friendly gesture. Meet, befriend, and entertain the community to be remembered throughout time.\n\n(Match the record and beat one category to earn this title.)»
«Thanks a ton!  I will send these off immediately.  I am authorized to pay you however so enjoy your reward!» → «Thanks a ton! I will send these off immediately. I am authorised to pay you however so enjoy your reward!»
«Mmmm Apples, Carrots, and Broccoli. Good sources of nutrients needed for a healthy diet.  Having a good balance of fruits and vegetables along with their daily intake of feed makes for a happy Horse! Your Horse wants to Eat a Harvestable from a Plant.» → «Mmmm Apples, Carrots, and Broccoli. Good sources of nutrients needed for a healthy diet. Having a good balance of fruits and vegetables along with their daily intake of feed makes for a happy Horse! Your Horse wants to Eat a Harvestable from a Plant.»
«The Finish Line Max 3000 understands your fitness needs and adjusts your personalized program automatically. No more guesswork about speed or incline settings because it does the thinking for you!  And with the Stead-E tread belt system, you'll be sure every mile is smooth running. Don't think, run to the Finish Line!» → «The Finish Line Max 3000 understands your fitness needs and adjusts your personalised program automatically. No more guesswork about speed or incline settings because it does the thinking for you!  And with the Stead-E tread belt system, you'll be sure every kilometre is smooth running. Don't think, run to the Finish Line!»
«I found the piece that's been missing from this case -- the decisive piece. I was able to uncover a letter from a well known mob boss addressed to {OpSource}, the politician. I should report my findings to {OpTarget}. This is the break the case needed.» → «I found the piece that's been missing from this case — the decisive piece. I was able to uncover a letter from a well known mob boss addressed to {OpSource}, the politician. I should report my findings to {OpTarget}. This is the break the case needed.»
«Your code cannot be redeemed.  Please contact EA Customer Support.» → «Your code cannot be redeemed. Please contact EA Customer Support.»
«The path to magical power is a bumpy and sometimes dangerous one, but playing with magic and casting charms, curses and spells is well worth the risk. {0.SimFirstName} has started down the path to magical mastery by learning the Good Luck Charm! {MA.He}{FA.She} can also use the Conversion Ritual to magically change one collectible into another, different collectible.» → «The path to magical power is a bumpy and sometimes dangerous one, but playing with magic and casting charms, curses and spells is well worth the risk. {0.SimFirstName} has started down the path to magical mastery by learning the Good Luck Charm! {MA.He}{FA.She} can also use the Conversion Ritual to magically change one collectible into another, different collectible.»
«Scientific Samples gathered from analyzing can be researched to gain skill faster, earn Simoleons at the Science Center, and much, much more!» → «Scientific Samples gathered from analysing can be researched to gain skill faster, earn Simoleons at the Science Centre, and much, much more!»
«The Science Skill can be learned in a variety of ways including: using the Science Research Station, working on the Group Science Project, reading a Science Skill book, attending Science Classes at University, or by analyzing collectibles.» → «The Science Skill can be learned in a variety of ways including: using the Science Research Station, working on the Group Science Project, reading a Science Skill book, attending Science Classes at University, or by analysing collectibles.»
«Cowbell Nation has acknowledged you with the highest honors; {0.SimName} has achieved the most sought-after accomplishment of excellence in anyone’s musical dreams. Kindly accept this gorgeously framed certificate and flaunt it with the confidence that others will see just how talented you are.» → «Cowbell Nation has acknowledged you with the highest honours; {0.SimName} has achieved the most sought-after accomplishment of excellence in anyone’s musical dreams. Kindly accept this gorgeously framed certificate and flaunt it with the confidence that others will see just how talented you are.»
«It's {2.HourOfDay} and {0.SimFirstName} still hasn't returned {1.SimFirstName}.  I don't think {1.SimFirstName}'s family is going to like this...» → «It's {2.HourOfDay} and {0.SimFirstName} still hasn't returned {1.SimFirstName}. I don't think {1.SimFirstName}'s family is going to like this...»
«{2.SimName} saw a Wild Horse for the first time. Seeing the untamed, unpolished, and raw elegance of the Wild Horse will not be forgotten anytime soon.» → «{2.SimName} saw a Wild Horse for the first time. Seeing the untamed, unpolished, and raw elegance of the Wild Horse will not be forgotten anytime soon.»
«But, convincing Celebrities to become friends with your Sim is not an easy task. Unlike normal Sims, Celebrities must first be impressed by your Sim before they can be friends. Some of the ways your Sim can impress Celebrities are socializing with them, buying them drinks, or even giving them special access through the barrier ropes.» → «But, convincing Celebrities to become friends with your Sim is not an easy task. Unlike normal Sims, Celebrities must first be impressed by your Sim before they can be friends. Some of the ways your Sim can impress Celebrities are socialising with them, buying them drinks, or even giving them special access through the barrier ropes.»
«A quiet sedate house in a newer subdivision keeps its focus inward. You probably won't even have to meet your neighbors if you live in this starter home.» → «A quiet sedate house in a newer subdivision keeps its focus inward. You probably won't even have to meet your neighbours if you live in this starter home.»
«Auto Soil: Licorice» → «Auto Soil: Liquorice»
«It’s everyone’s favorite season: Winter! Your Sim wants to celebrate the season at the Winter Festival.» → «It’s everyone’s favourite season: Winter! Your Sim wants to celebrate the season at the Winter Festival.»
«Tired of your trash cans getting knocked over? Raccoons are no longer welcome near your home.» → «Tired of your waste bins getting knocked over? Raccoons are no longer welcome near your home.»
«The public barely recognizes you with your new physical appearance... and that’s a good thing! People are loving the new look and it can only improve your political career. Plus, you earned a raise!» → «The public barely recognises you with your new physical appearance... and that’s a good thing! People are loving the new look and it can only improve your political career. Plus, you earned a raise!»
«Created by the legendary surfing sculpturist Cire Nahgauv, this statue is said to resemble the legendary Center Peak wave ridden by only the most radical.» → «Created by the legendary surfing sculpturist Cire Nahgauv, this statue is said to resemble the legendary Centre Peak wave ridden by only the most radical.»
«It's time to graduate to the big leagues and get in there with the other seasoned vets. If you don't do well here you better hope you enjoy cleaning up box stalls for real riders because that's all you'll be good for! Your Sim wants to Enter an Advanced Jumping Competition.» → «It's time to graduate to the big leagues and get in there with the other seasoned vets. If you don't do well here you better hope you enjoy cleaning up box stalls for real riders because that's all you'll be good for! Your Sim wants to Enter an Advanced Jumping Competition.»
«Dennis» → «Peer»
«Denise» → «Iridessa»
«{0.SimFirstName} is failing school!  If her scholastic performance doesn't improve before graduation, her personality will forever be changed.» → «{0.SimFirstName} is failing school! If her scholastic performance doesn't improve before graduation, her personality will forever be changed.»
«According to legend, the evil spirits of bad fashion and mismatched socks could be confused by storing clothing "just so."  Develop obsessive tendencies with the right organization to fool these mean-spirited spirts and never mismatch again.» → «According to legend, the evil spirits of bad fashion and mismatched socks could be confused by storing clothing "just so." Develop obsessive tendencies with the right organisation to fool these mean-spirited spirts and never mismatch again.»
«Finally, confirmation that those "creatures of the night" are not a mere rumor. Vampires are real!» → «Finally, confirmation that those "creatures of the night" are not a mere rumour. Vampires are real!»
«“I desperately seek the assistance of a patient adventurer to quiet the bickering of my neighbors. One follows the path of Sin Pah, the other the teachings of Qin Shan Hu. Travel with each to the Scholar’s Garden so that they, and therefore I, shall know peace. There will be a handsome reward for the efforts – {4.SimName} pays all debts.”» → «“I desperately seek the assistance of a patient adventurer to quiet the bickering of my neighbours. One follows the path of Sin Pah, the other the teachings of Qin Shan Hu. Travel with each to the Scholar’s Garden so that they, and therefore I, shall know peace. There will be a handsome reward for the efforts – {4.SimName} pays all debts.”»
«Speak with the Time Traveler.» → «Speak with the Time Traveller.»
«Losing weight won’t be difficult for {0.SimFirstName}. {MA.He’s}{FA.She’s} feeling quite motivated to shed some pounds!» → «Losing weight won’t be difficult for {0.SimFirstName}. {MA.He’s}{FA.She’s} feeling quite motivated to shed some kilograms!»
«The smooth, papery-thin surface of a Crepe is the distinct marksmanship of a top chef. Learn this French recipe and bring a serving of Crepes into work to establish your rank among the others.  Your'll get a raise for your efforts.» → «The smooth, papery-thin surface of a Crêpe is the distinct marksmanship of a top chef. Learn this French recipe and bring a serving of Crêpes into work to establish your rank among the others. Your'll get a raise for your efforts.»
«{2.SimName} just saw a panicked horse for the first time! {MA.He}{FA.She}'ll never forget the look on the horse's face - pure shock and confusion!» → «{2.SimName} just saw a panicked horse for the first time! {MA.He}{FA.She}'ll never forget the look on the horse's face - pure shock and confusion!»
«Play All Idles ...» → «Play All Idles ...»
«The only thing more fun than digging in the dirt is digging in the dirt with a purpose!  Your dog wants to Find a Rock.» → «The only thing more fun than digging in the dirt is digging in the dirt with a purpose! Your dog wants to Find a Rock.»
«Time for me to alter my position in space!  That means goodbye!  If you find any more bugs, you can bring them down to the lab.» → «Time for me to alter my position in space! That means goodbye! If you find any more bugs, you can bring them down to the lab.»
«A sofa is often referred to as the emotional center of the house. Just like the sun at the center of our solar system, the couch is the nexus around which the house revolves. Only if this were the sun, it would be a raging ball of flaming gasses. Which would make it difficult to sit on.» → «A sofa is often referred to as the emotional centre of the house. Just like the sun at the centre of our solar system, the couch is the nexus around which the house revolves. Only if this were the sun, it would be a raging ball of flaming gasses. Which would make it difficult to sit on.»
«You can customize your performer’s individual look in the new Career CAS. Use the dresser and the mirror to create the perfect style for your star!» → «You can customise your performer’s individual look in the new Career CAS. Use the dresser and the mirror to create the perfect style for your star!»
«Match Root Hair Color» → «Match Root Hair Colour»
«“Hey, have you been traveling around the world? I couldn’t help but notice your natural, healthy glow!” – Everyone {0.SimName} knows» → «“Hey, have you been travelling around the world? I couldn’t help but notice your natural, healthy glow!” – Everyone {0.SimName} knows»
«No Fertilizer» → «No Fertiliser»
«Large, Square Floor Tiles in Two Colors» → «Large, Square Floor Tiles in Two Colours»
«Some Sims might say that that stray pet looks mangy and is likely to bring you nothing but trouble and fleas.  Your Sim, however, sees in its sad eyes the potential to make a true friend.  Your Sim wants to Befriend A Stray.» → «Some Sims might say that that stray pet looks mangy and is likely to bring you nothing but trouble and fleas. Your Sim, however, sees in its sad eyes the potential to make a true friend. Your Sim wants to Befriend A Stray.»
«Current Follower Perks:\n\n• Donations from followers\n\n• Increased protest attendance\n\n• Upload Resume to get Job Offers\n\n• Increased Influence with Social Groups\n\n• Periodic offers to buyout your Sim's blog\n\nYour Sim's follower perks will continue to improve as their follower count increases!» → «Current Follower Perks:\n\n• Donations from followers\n\n• Increased protest attendance\n\n• Upload CV to get Job Offers\n\n• Increased Influence with Social Groups\n\n• Periodic offers to buyout your Sim's blog\n\nYour Sim's follower perks will continue to improve as their follower count increases!»
«Current Follower Perks:\n\n• Donations from followers\n\n• Increased protest attendance\n\n• Upload Resume to get Job Offers\n\nYour Sim's follower perks will continue to improve as their follower count increases!» → «Current Follower Perks:\n\n• Donations from followers\n\n• Increased protest attendance\n\n• Upload CV to get Job Offers\n\nYour Sim's follower perks will continue to improve as their follower count increases!»
«Current Follower Perks:\n\n• Donations from followers\n\n• Increased protest attendance\n\n• Upload Resume to get Job Offers\n\n• Increased Influence with Social Groups\n\nYour Sim's follower perks will continue to improve as their follower count increases!» → «Current Follower Perks:\n\n• Donations from followers\n\n• Increased protest attendance\n\n• Upload CV to get Job Offers\n\n• Increased Influence with Social Groups\n\nYour Sim's follower perks will continue to improve as their follower count increases!»
«The Junkyard is the best place to find scrap for inventing.» → «The Scrapyard is the best place to find scrap for inventing.»
«This innocent Wall Shelf may appear plain, but it is fully customizable with plenty of room to display all of your trophies, awards, elaborate sculptures, and precious plants. Line them all up so all your guests can admire your collection and you can enjoy dusting them!» → «This innocent Wall Shelf may appear plain, but it is fully customisable with plenty of room to display all of your trophies, awards, elaborate sculptures, and precious plants. Line them all up so all your guests can admire your collection and you can enjoy dusting them!»
«This injured Sim is in no condition to socialize.» → «This injured Sim is in no condition to socialise.»
«This spectacular Marquee de Sim backdrop comes in solid gold, but - like love - can change with your every whim! A mesmerizing union of precious metals and an unusual (and as yet unidentified) crystalline substance, this sculpture represents something deep, not easily put into words.» → «This spectacular Marquee de Sim backdrop comes in solid gold, but - like love - can change with your every whim! A mesmerising union of precious metals and an unusual (and as yet unidentified) crystalline substance, this sculpture represents something deep, not easily put into words.»
«• Your Pet will choose destructive acts, like digging holes or knocking over trash cans, more often.» → «• Your Pet will choose destructive acts, like digging holes or knocking over waste bins, more often.»
«Consignment Stores» → «Thrift Shops»
«Built at a time when houses had names, Elderstone is just the type of house for the grandkids to come and spend a night, perhaps in their mom's old room. It's just a little cluttered and the kitchen needs updating, but it could work for a young family as well.» → «Built at a time when houses had names, Elderstone is just the type of house for the grandkids to come and spend a night, perhaps in their mum's old room. It's just a little cluttered and the kitchen needs updating, but it could work for a young family as well.»
«Licorice Seed» → «Liquorice Seed»
«Mix and match different heights to create exciting new buildings for your neighborhood!» → «Mix and match different heights to create exciting new buildings for your neighbourhood!»
«Tour Administration Center With Group» → «Tour Administration Centre With Group»
«Back in the day cowboys were better known for their grit rather than their capacity for kitchen organization. But heavens to Betsy, the modern cowboy now knows his way around the kitchen! Use these cowboy inspired furnishings to help you organize your kitchen the cowboy way.» → «Back in the day cowboys were better known for their grit rather than their capacity for kitchen organization. But heavens to Betsy, the modern cowboy now knows his way around the kitchen! Use these cowboy inspired furnishings to help you organise your kitchen the cowboy way.»
«With a fear-inducing chip activated in {0.SimFirstName}’s processor, {MA.he’s}{FA.she’s} quaking in {MA.his}{FA.her} stabilizers!» → «With a fear-inducing chip activated in {0.SimFirstName}’s processor, {MA.he’s}{FA.she’s} quaking in {MA.his}{FA.her} stabilisers!»
«Do you want to invite {0.SimName} over for a game of chess?» → «Do you want to invite {0.SimName} over for a match of chess?»
«Become a Master of Evil, then serve cookies» → «Become a Master of Evil, then serve biscuits»
«It’s hard to beat the simple fun of the sliding board. The anticipation of climbing the ladder, the rush of slipping down the slide! Our Summertime Fun Slide is quick and easy to assemble, and every unit we sell has passes a rigorous 12-point safety check. So, Mom and Dad can relax while the kids play for hours. Comes in a variety of fun seasonal patterns!» → «It’s hard to beat the simple fun of the sliding board. The anticipation of climbing the ladder, the rush of slipping down the slide! Our Summertime Fun Slide is quick and easy to assemble, and every unit we sell has passes a rigorous 12-point safety check. So, Mum and Dad can relax while the kids play for hours. Comes in a variety of fun seasonal patterns!»
«(From Administration Center)» → «(From Administration Centre)»
«I'm dumbfounded by what I've just seen. It's a conspiracy implicating  local politicians, pharmaceutical corporations, farmers, and restaurants. This isn't good! This is way bigger than me, which means I need to tell {OpTarget}, a local journalist.» → «I'm dumbfounded by what I've just seen. It's a conspiracy implicating local politicians, bribed food reviewers, farmers, and restaurants. This isn't good! This is way bigger than me, which means I need to tell {OpTarget}, a local journalist.»
«In order to earn the Alchemists Anonymous challenge, you must throw {0.Number} elixirs at other Sims.  Once you have achieved this challenge, other Sims will not mind if you throw a harmful elixir at them, and they like you even more if you throw a beneficial elixir at them.» → «In order to earn the Alchemists Anonymous challenge, you must throw {0.Number} elixirs at other Sims. Once you have achieved this challenge, other Sims will not mind if you throw a harmful elixir at them, and they like you even more if you throw a beneficial elixir at them.»
«Your Sim wants nothing more than to befriend one of the neighborhood Plumbots. Sure, they’re not real emotions, but that seems like nit-picking.» → «Your Sim wants nothing more than to befriend one of the neighbourhood Plumbots. Sure, they’re not real emotions, but that seems like nit-picking.»
«To you, it’s a just a Simple Porch Light. But for neighborhood moths, it’s like a singles club, where all the swinging winged-ones go to meet and mingle. They might come for the light, but they stay for the love.» → «To you, it’s a just a Simple Porch Light. But for neighbourhood moths, it’s like a singles club, where all the swinging winged-ones go to meet and mingle. They might come for the light, but they stay for the love.»
«Day Job: Mail Sorter» → «Day Job: Post Sorter»
«{0.SimFirstName} just got a gift in the mail from {1.SimFirstName}! The note attached to it reads: "I was thinking about you and thought you might like this. Call me!"» → «{0.SimFirstName} just got a gift in the post from {1.SimFirstName}! The note attached to it reads: "I was thinking about you and thought you might like this. Call me!"»
«Nothing advertises your dedication to absolute cleanliness like having your favorite cleansers displayed for all to see. Don't hide your commitment to spotless floors, sparkling windows, and dust-free furniture away in a cupboard. Proclaim your passion and let everyone who comes into your house witness your cleaning fervor.» → «Nothing advertises your dedication to absolute cleanliness like having your favourite cleansers displayed for all to see. Don't hide your commitment to spotless floors, sparkling windows, and dust-free furniture away in a cupboard. Proclaim your passion and let everyone who comes into your house witness your cleaning fervor.»
«This house really packs in the “Wow” factor! A stunning single floor modern and open living estate with a landscaped courtyard entry, this home has plenty of room to live. It comes complete with an extraordinary pool, two car garage, and a view of the ocean that’s to die for. One of the nicest houses in the nicest neighborhood--your family will raise the bar of quality living.» → «This house really packs in the “Wow” factor! A stunning single floor modern and open living estate with a landscaped courtyard entry, this home has plenty of room to live. It comes complete with an extraordinary pool, two car garage, and a view of the ocean that’s to die for. One of the nicest houses in the nicest neighbourhood--your family will raise the bar of quality living.»
«Mad botanical scientist Theodore Bronswith named these flowers after his wife Marigold when he used the pollen to color her hair while she was sleeping.» → «Mad botanical scientist Theodore Bronswith named these flowers after his wife Marigold when he used the pollen to colour her hair while she was sleeping.»
«This first foray into consumer electronics by industrial design community "FormFunk" turns the traditional entertainment center concept on its head. Even when the TV is off- you can’t stop looking at it. Pair with B-Shelf or G-Shelf for the total experience.» → «This first foray into consumer electronics by industrial design community "FormFunk" turns the traditional entertainment centre concept on its head. Even when the TV is off- you can’t stop looking at it. Pair with B-Shelf or G-Shelf for the total experience.»
«At this point, {0.SimFirstName} isn't just "scared" anymore!  Somebody should really calm {MA.him}{FA.her} down a bit.» → «At this point, {0.SimFirstName} isn't just "scared" anymore! Somebody should really calm {MA.him}{FA.her} down a bit.»
«Anarosa» → «Ana Rosa»
« • {0.String}» → «• {0.String}»
«The local board of fishermen have conferred the honorable title of Local Ahab upon your for your fearless aquatic exploits. Don't let them down!» → «The local board of fishermen have conferred the honourable title of Local Ahab upon your for your fearless aquatic exploits. Don't let them down!»
«An efficient studio apartment is offered in the trendy floodgate section of town.  Live here and be close to industry and the bustle of the upper bay.» → «An efficient studio apartment is offered in the trendy floodgate section of town. Live here and be close to industry and the bustle of the upper bay.»
«Unhappy with your Sim's current traits?  Save up some Lifetime Happiness Points and purchase the Mid-Life Crisis reward. You'll be able to choose a whole new personality!» → «Unhappy with your Sim's current traits? Save up some Lifetime Happiness Points and purchase the Mid-Life Crisis reward. You'll be able to choose a whole new personality!»
«While socializing, your Sim can learn other Sims' traits. New traits are added to the relationship panel, so you can later use this knowledge to guide your Sim during socialization.» → «While socialising, your Sim can learn other Sims' traits. New traits are added to the relationship panel, so you can later use this knowledge to guide your Sim during socialisation.»
«Houseboat Trashcan» → «Houseboat Waste Bin»
«There can only be one lot assigned as a Community Living Center. Please change the existing Community Living Center's lot type before continuing.» → «There can only be one lot assigned as a Community Living Centre. Please change the existing Community Living Centre's lot type before continuing.»
«Color-Blind Samurai» → «Colour-Blind Samurai»
«{OpTarget} is still bitter about the call, but I think the games and the league will be much better with a return to good referees. I accepted payment and bid farewell. This case, like the game, is over.» → «{OpTarget} is still bitter about the call, but I think the matches and the league will be much better with a return to good referees. I accepted payment and bid farewell. This case, like the match, is over.»
«Sunset in the islands -- a special time at a special place. Now you can own that moment forever with this tropical decal. Close your eyes and you can almost hear the pound of the surf!» → «Sunset in the islands — a special time at a special place. Now you can own that moment forever with this tropical decal. Close your eyes and you can almost hear the pound of the surf!»
«No more polishing apples for the rest of the staff, because you’re now an Elementary School Teacher! Sure, other jobs may pay more but you have the satisfaction of nourishing young minds with important facts and figures. You’re brushing up on your advanced verb conjugations and you can recite multiplication tables with the best of them. Armed with a slide ruler and protractor you’re ready to enlighten young minds.» → «No more polishing apples for the rest of the staff, because you’re now an Primary School Teacher! Sure, other jobs may pay more but you have the satisfaction of nourishing young minds with important facts and figures. You’re brushing up on your advanced verb conjugations and you can recite multiplication tables with the best of them. Armed with a slide ruler and protractor you’re ready to enlighten young minds.»
«You’ve moved to the head of the class, or more correctly, Department Head! Your new job comes with a few extra duties and a lot more homework, but it’s nice to be recognized for all your accomplishments in the classroom.» → «You’ve moved to the head of the class, or more correctly, Department Head! Your new job comes with a few extra duties and a lot more homework, but it’s nice to be recognised for all your accomplishments in the classroom.»
«You know you’re a High School Teacher when the students drive better cars than you, but at least you have the satisfaction of helping pupils learn many of the necessary skills in life. Besides, someday they’ll have bills of their own to pay.» → «You know you’re a Secondary School Teacher when the students drive better cars than you, but at least you have the satisfaction of helping pupils learn many of the necessary skills in life. Besides, someday they’ll have bills of their own to pay.»
«In a perfect world, all of life’s food necessities like cookies and bacon would grow on magical little plants. Unfortunately, the world isn’t perfect but at least jelly beans can grow on bushes! To be clear, it is not the jelly bean bush that is magic, but rather an ordinary bush which dispenses Magic Jelly Beans!» → «In a perfect world, all of life’s food necessities like biscuits and bacon would grow on magical little plants. Unfortunately, the world isn’t perfect but at least jelly beans can grow on bushes! To be clear, it is not the jelly bean bush that is magic, but rather an ordinary bush which dispenses Magic Jelly Beans!»
«{0.SimFirstName} just took a beat up {1.ObjectName}.  It is now in {MA.his}{FA.her} inventory.» → «{0.SimFirstName} just took a beat up {1.ObjectName}. It is now in {MA.his}{FA.her} inventory.»
«Take your dreams of riding off into the sunset one step at a time.  First step--getting on the horse--completed!» → «Take your dreams of riding off into the sunset one step at a time. First step—getting on the horse—completed!»
«{2.SimName} just graduated from high school. That moment where {MA.he}{FA.she} got to throw {MA.his}{FA.her} graduation cap in the air is one to remember!» → «{2.SimName} just graduated from secondary school. That moment where {MA.he}{FA.she} got to throw {MA.his}{FA.her} graduation cap in the air is one to remember!»
«There's nothing like the feel of the wind in your hair and firm ground beneath your feet to get a pet all worked up.  Your pet wants to get some exercise and Run Around.» → «There's nothing like the feel of the wind in your hair and firm ground beneath your feet to get a pet all worked up. Your pet wants to get some exercise and Run Around.»
«Karen» → «Cordelia»
«Felisha» → «Raluca»
«Can words move another Sim to cry? To laugh? To fall in love? {0.SimFirstName} has begun the literary path, one that is not always the less traveled, but perhaps one in need of excellence. Will the next bestseller be penned by {0.SimFirstName}?» → «Can words move another Sim to cry? To laugh? To fall in love? {0.SimFirstName} has begun the literary path, one that is not always the less traveled, but perhaps one in need of excellence. Will the next bestseller be penned by {0.SimFirstName}?»
«Trap disarming is a dangerous, but honorable task. It takes bravery and skill! Your Sim wishes to disarm a trap.» → «Trap disarming is a dangerous, but honourable task. It takes bravery and skill! Your Sim wishes to disarm a trap.»
«Eggplant» → «Aubergine»
«Unable to analyze harvestables. This plant is not yet ready.» → «Unable to analyse harvestables. This plant is not yet ready.»
«Missing {0.String}. Mushrooms can be found in various places around the world. Occasionally, you can find them in parks, or they can sometimes be bought in a grocery store or elixir shop.» → «Missing {0.String}. Mushrooms can be found in various places around the world. Occasionally, you can find them in parks, or they can sometimes be bought in a supermarket or elixir shop.»
«I hear your disinfo… err education campaign has improved the natives' outlook towards MorcuCorp while costing the Resistance a lot of popularity!  Now is the time to move on some of these lucrative contracts that we want.  Stop by the Relic Merchant's store and convince him to accept a contract with MorcuCorp.  You may need to butter them up a bit first.» → «I hear your disinfo… err education campaign has improved the natives' outlook towards MorcuCorp while costing the Resistance a lot of popularity! Now is the time to move on some of these lucrative contracts that we want. Stop by the Relic Merchant's store and convince him to accept a contract with MorcuCorp. You may need to butter them up a bit first.»
«It’s been a crowd-pleasing favorite for centuries, and for good reason! Your Sim wants to perform a fireworks extravaganza!!!» → «It’s been a crowd-pleasing favourite for centuries, and for good reason! Your Sim wants to perform a fireworks extravaganza!!!»
«No news isn't bad news.  The demand for other baked goods remains average.» → «No news isn't bad news. The demand for other baked goods remains average.»
«The demand for other baked goods is at record high levels!  Bake and cash out while you can!» → «The demand for other baked goods is at record high levels! Bake and cash out while you can!»
«An article yesterday highlighted the benefits of a diet without chocolate and vanilla.  The demand for other baked goods rises to above average.» → «An article yesterday highlighted the benefits of a diet without chocolate and vanilla. The demand for other baked goods rises to above average.»
«This trashcan has already been booby trapped.» → «This waste bin has already been booby trapped.»
«Set Cleansing Color» → «Set Cleansing Colour»
«No noble of self-respecting stature sleeps beneath the free and open sky. Assuming there’s already a roof over the bed, a second level of cover comes in the flavor of a draped canopy. Be gone sword of Damocles, for there is no room for your pointy oppression amidst the drapes!» → «No noble of self-respecting stature sleeps beneath the free and open sky. Assuming there’s already a roof over the bed, a second level of cover comes in the flavour of a draped canopy. Be gone sword of Damocles, for there is no room for your pointy oppression amidst the drapes!»
«As another good deed for the neighborhood, the Hospital is hosting a Free Health Clinic here. {0.SimFirstName} needs to diagnose and cure any Sim that shows» → «As another good deed for the neighbourhood, the Hospital is hosting a Free Health Clinic here. {0.SimFirstName} needs to diagnose and cure any Sim that shows»
«Spooky Day is just a couple days away! Starting tomorrow, children and teens can visit their neighbors and begin Trick or Treating. Don’t forget to get your costume ready!» → «Spooky Day is just a couple days away! Starting tomorrow, children and teens can visit their neighbours and begin Trick or Treating. Don’t forget to get your costume ready!»
«Fascinating, I had only heard legends but I hoped it would lead to your cure.  Thank you for sharing this tale with me, here's a few coins as payment for the story.» → «Fascinating, I had only heard legends but I hoped it would lead to your cure. Thank you for sharing this tale with me, here's a few coins as payment for the story.»
«No game disc found! Please insert The Sims 3 High-End Loft Stuff game disc before proceeding.» → «No game disc found! Please insert The Sims 3 Design & High-Tech Stuff game disc before proceeding.»
«Grocery Store Clerk...» → «Supermarket Clerk...»
«Just before the show is about to start, you will receive a pop-up that gives you the option to help your friend's Sim's show by setting up their stage for a blockbuster performance! Choose the default venue setup for a generic stage, or choose the custom setup to create an personalized stage for your friend's Sim.» → «Just before the show is about to start, you will receive a pop-up that gives you the option to help your friend's Sim's show by setting up their stage for a blockbuster performance! Choose the default venue setup for a generic stage, or choose the custom setup to create an personalised stage for your friend's Sim.»
«{0.SimFirstName} took part in a bizarre welcoming ceremony in which several citizens of Sixam were allowed to pinch {MA.him}{FA.her} on the cheeks before leading {MA.him}{FA.her} in a humiliating dance. Later, {0.SimFirstName} realized they had just been messing with {MA.him}{FA.her}.» → «{0.SimFirstName} took part in a bizarre welcoming ceremony in which several citizens of Sixam were allowed to pinch {MA.him}{FA.her} on the cheeks before leading {MA.him}{FA.her} in a humiliating dance. Later, {0.SimFirstName} realised they had just been messing with {MA.him}{FA.her}.»
«Start Humor Novel» → «Start Humour Novel»
«Scum and villainy lie in the future for Sims bent on world domination. Your Sim thinks specializing in Evil is the right side of life. Your Sim can make the choice for evil after being promoted past Con Artist.» → «Scum and villainy lie in the future for Sims bent on world domination. Your Sim thinks specialising in Evil is the right side of life. Your Sim can make the choice for evil after being promoted past Con Artist.»
«Sterilizing Hot Tubs...» → «Sterilising Hot Tubs...»
«{0.SimFirstName} managed to pick up all the extra mail before he left, and is carrying all of it.» → «{0.SimFirstName} managed to pick up all the extra post before he left, and is carrying all of it.»
«Your dog's got a taste for showbiz!  Have {MA. him}{FA. her} put on {MA. his}{FA. her} best stage face and get out there to show {MA. his}{FA.her} stuff!  Your dog wants to Earn {0.Money} Simoleons Performing Tricks.» → «Your dog's got a taste for showbiz! Have {MA. him}{FA. her} put on {MA. his}{FA. her} best stage face and get out there to show {MA. his}{FA.her} stuff! Your dog wants to Earn {0.Money} Simoleons Performing Tricks.»
«Please. {0.SimFirstName} has seen better predictions fall out of a cookie.» → «Please. {0.SimFirstName} has seen better predictions fall out of a biscuit.»
«Anything worth doing requires a little dirt under the fingernails, at least if you’re a gardener. {0.SimFirstName} should be prepared to fertilize, weed, water, and talk to every plant he encounters. Go forth {0.SimFirstName}, with spade in hand! You now have some seeds in your inventory to plant!» → «Anything worth doing requires a little dirt under the fingernails, at least if you’re a gardener. {0.SimFirstName} should be prepared to Fertilise, weed, water, and talk to every plant he encounters. Go forth {0.SimFirstName}, with spade in hand! You now have some seeds in your inventory to plant!»
«Your Sim has a pocket full of fresh flowers and a heart full of love for others! Brighten a few days with flower-petal kisses for your Sim’s neighbors.» → «Your Sim has a pocket full of fresh flowers and a heart full of love for others! Brighten a few days with flower-petal kisses for your Sim’s neighbours.»
«The great outdoors is indeed my favorite place to be! I usually don't accept gifts from someone I don't know very well, but I'll have to make an exception. Thank you so much for bringing a gift that reminds me of that.» → «The great outdoors is indeed my favourite place to be! I usually don't accept gifts from someone I don't know very well, but I'll have to make an exception. Thank you so much for bringing a gift that reminds me of that.»
«Brighten up any social event with humor that’s practically scooped from a tin can! This chip transforms your personal Plumbot into a wacky jokester.\n\n• Activates the Social meter.\n• Enables a wide range of joking interactions.\n• Introduces Plumbot to the world of professional Comedy Shows.» → «Brighten up any social event with humour that’s practically scooped from a tin can! This chip transforms your personal Plumbot into a wacky jokester.\n\n• Activates the Social meter.\n• Enables a wide range of joking interactions.\n• Introduces Plumbot to the world of professional Comedy Shows.»
«That lot looks great!  You can continue browsing different lots or start playing right now.» → «That lot looks great! You can continue browsing different lots or start playing right now.»
«Honor Student» → «Honour Student»
«Sims' endurance improves as they workout, meaning it takes them longer to become fatigued.  Furthermore, higher level Athletic Skill Sims can tweak their workouts using Options like "Quick Burst" to increase your skill gain before becoming fatigued.» → «Sims' endurance improves as they workout, meaning it takes them longer to become fatigued. Furthermore, higher level Athletic Skill Sims can tweak their workouts using Options like "Quick Burst" to increase your skill gain before becoming fatigued.»
«102 Civic Center» → «102 Civic Centre»
«Tired of flamin' orange? Change your fire color!» → «Tired of flamin' orange? Change your fire colour!»
«Carolina is a proud woman and bit of a snob.» → «Carolina is a proud gal and bit of a snob.»
«Current Colors» → «Current Colours»
«Instant noodle soups are simply starch and seasoning, but they’re the cheapest meals around. At the heart of the Venn diagram between “loves salt” and “dirt poor”: college students.» → «Instant noodle soups are simply starch and seasoning, but they’re the cheapest meals around. At the heart of the Venn diagram between “loves salt” and “dirt poor”: university students.»
«Sims can earn better reviews from clients if they add special touches that impact a Client's Traits, or add valuable items like paintings or sculptures. Experiment to maximize your Sims' earnings potential!» → «Sims can earn better reviews from clients if they add special touches that impact a Client's Traits, or add valuable items like paintings or sculptures. Experiment to maximise your Sims' earnings potential!»
«Leading your pet around gives them a sense of security and shows them that you care. Your Sim wants to lead a pet.» → «Leading your pet around gives them a sense of security and shows them that you care. Your Sim wants to lead a pet.»
«A very smart Sim who loves his family, Rick is a human Sim who was smitten by a lovely witch named Serena. The morning of Rick’s and Serena’s wedding, Doreen enlisted the help of Flora Goodfellow to enlarge his ears that was only supposed to last a day. It’s been several years and the ears are still enlarged – but Rick rather likes his new look as does his wife. Sometimes Rick feels caught in the middle of a bossy mother in law and two kids who gotta have that shiny new toy.  He does his best to provide for the family and is quick to cave into any request.» → «A very smart Sim who loves his family, Rick is a human Sim who was smitten by a lovely witch named Serena. The morning of Rick’s and Serena’s wedding, Doreen enlisted the help of Flora Goodfellow to enlarge his ears that was only supposed to last a day. It’s been several years and the ears are still enlarged – but Rick rather likes his new look as does his wife. Sometimes Rick feels caught in the middle of a bossy mother in law and two kids who gotta have that shiny new toy. He does his best to provide for the family and is quick to cave into any request.»
«{OpSource} is fairly convinced the next door neighbor, {OpTarget}, is guilty of the gnome kicking. I should rummage through {OpTarget}'s garbage to see if I can find any evidence of wrong doing. Maybe then {OpSource} can bring the gnome out of hiding.» → «{OpSource} is fairly convinced the next door neighbour, {OpTarget}, is guilty of the gnome kicking. I should rummage through {OpTarget}'s garbage to see if I can find any evidence of wrong doing. Maybe then {OpSource} can bring the gnome out of hiding.»
«{1.SimName} has matured to be the {MB.son}{FB.daughter} I've always dreamed of. Due to your teaching, {1.SimName} will undoubtedly become a successful professional one day. Thanks!» → «{1.SimName} has matured to be the {MB.son}{FB.daughter} I've always dreamt of. Due to your teaching, {1.SimName} will undoubtedly become a successful professional one day. Thanks!»
«Visit Equestrian Center» → «Visit Equestrian Centre»
«Green Tea Flavored Coffee with Half and Half» → «Green Tea flavoured Coffee with Half and Half»
«A dream for any child with an imagination and a sweet tooth. The Playwow Gingerbread Dollhouse provides hours of confectionary fun for your wee one. Now when your kids beg for a gingerbread house you won't have to slave away in the kitchen. Pick up one of these preassembled gingerbread homes and let the fun begin.» → «A dream for any child with an imagination and a sweet tooth. The Playwow Gingerbread Dollhouse provides hours of confectionary fun for your wee one. Now when your kids beg for a gingerbread house you won't have to slave away in the kitchen. Pick up one of these preassembled gingerbread homes and let the fun begin.»
«The Poison Control Center is worried about imports of exotic reptiles and want to test a trial poison antidote. They are looking for a volunteer to get a snake bite and return to the hospital for blood tests.» → «The Poison Control Centre is worried about imports of exotic reptiles and want to test a trial poison antidote. They are looking for a volunteer to get a snake bite and return to the hospital for blood tests.»
«Even though there aren't any fish to tease, cats love splashing around in the toilet.  Though from that smug look on your cat's face seems to indicate that the real fun comes from watching you clean up the mess…  Your cat wants to Play in the Toilet Bowl.» → «Even though there aren't any fish to tease, cats love splashing around in the toilet. Though from that smug look on your cat's face seems to indicate that the real fun comes from watching you clean up the mess… Your cat wants to Play in the Toilet Bowl.»
«The sun, it burns us! Yet without its brilliance life couldn’t survive. No wonder civilizations stretching back to the dawn of time have worshipped the sun. Bring a little bit of that brilliance into your home with the Sun Spot wall sculpture. Its rays stream out in all directions from its reflective center, bringing to mind the first light of dawn breaking through the clouds. And unlike some other suns we could mention, this one won’t blind you for staring at it.» → «The sun, it burns us! Yet without its brilliance life couldn’t survive. No wonder civilisations stretching back to the dawn of time have worshipped the sun. Bring a little bit of that brilliance into your home with the Sun Spot wall sculpture. Its rays stream out in all directions from its reflective center, bringing to mind the first light of dawn breaking through the clouds. And unlike some other suns we could mention, this one won’t blind you for staring at it.»
«A musical virtuoso can strum a guitar with one hand while tickling the ivories with the other. Your Sim is not satisfied with mastering just one instrument, but yearns to become an expert at them all! Hours of jamming may not make the neighbors your Sim's friend, but it is the only way to unlock his true musical potential.» → «A musical virtuoso can strum a guitar with one hand while tickling the ivories with the other. Your Sim is not satisfied with mastering just one instrument, but yearns to become an expert at them all! Hours of jamming may not make the neighbours your Sim's friend, but it is the only way to unlock his true musical potential.»
«Your Sim has a hankering to prepare a new dish, but doesn't have the ingredients specified in the recipe! Ask a neighbor to see if you can borrow the ingredients.» → «Your Sim has a hankering to prepare a new dish, but doesn't have the ingredients specified in the recipe! Ask a neighbour to see if you can borrow the ingredients.»
«Time to learn all about the right bait and the best fishing spots.  Your business is simple: catch lots of great fish and sell them in town.  The more money you make, the better your reputation and a booming business will be yours no time!» → «Time to learn all about the right bait and the best fishing spots. Your business is simple: catch lots of great fish and sell them in town. The more money you make, the better your reputation and a booming business will be yours no time!»
«Growth charts help plot the growth of your baby, toddler, or older child. Watch as your little one inches ever closer to the trees lofty top. Remember, a healthy child should grow up, not down, and try to keep the side growth to a minimum.» → «Growth charts help plot the growth of your baby, toddler, or older child. Watch as your little one grows ever closer to the trees lofty top. Remember, a healthy child should grow up, not down, and try to keep the side growth to a minimum.»
«Generations of kindness, love, and humor created a beautiful rainbow in the sky! Oasis Landing never looked so whimsical!» → «Generations of kindness, love, and humour created a beautiful rainbow in the sky! Oasis Landing never looked so whimsical!»
«Large flowers can be found all over Oasis Landing. Sims love to try their Curious Dew and see what color they’ll turn!» → «Large flowers can be found all over Oasis Landing. Sims love to try their Curious Dew and see what colour they’ll turn!»
«There are Rainbow Knolls forming all over Oasis Landing. Rumor has it they may contain valuable treasures!» → «There are Rainbow Knolls forming all over Oasis Landing. Rumour has it they may contain valuable treasures!»
«{0.SimFirstName} has become a celebrated pianist! Sims watch, dance, and tip to {MA.his}{FA.her} unforgettable tunes whenever they can and music connoisseurs long to catch one of {MA.his}{FA.her} performances.  \n\nCheck the piano journal for Skill Challenges to refine {0.SimFirstName}’s Piano skills further!» → «{0.SimFirstName} has become a celebrated pianist! Sims watch, dance, and tip to {MA.his}{FA.her} unforgettable tunes whenever they can and music connoisseurs long to catch one of {MA.his}{FA.her} performances. \n\nCheck the piano journal for Skill Challenges to refine {0.SimFirstName}’s Piano skills further!»
«Become Immortalized as a Statue» → «Become Immortalised as a Statue»
«I didn’t expect you back so soon. I’m really busy trying to solve a complex temporal equation and should be done soon. In the meantime, why don’t you catch a HoloVenture at the Theater downtown? I hear the newest title is wonderful!» → «I didn’t expect you back so soon. I’m really busy trying to solve a complex temporal equation and should be done soon. In the meantime, why don’t you catch a HoloVenture at the Cinema downtown? I hear the newest title is wonderful!»
«Be sure to work out between emergencies and socialize with fellow firefighters to improve your Sim's firefighting abilities.» → «Be sure to work out between emergencies and socialise with fellow firefighters to improve your Sim's firefighting abilities.»
«The Adventure Tracker can help you keep your Adventuring goals clear and organized. Would you like to learn more about the Adventure Tracker?» → «The Adventure Tracker can help you keep your Adventuring goals clear and organised. Would you like to learn more about the Adventure Tracker?»
«Your horse knows that playing with toys is a great way to spend any day!  Your horse wants to play with the Happy Horse Ball.» → «Your horse knows that playing with toys is a great way to spend any day! Your horse wants to play with the Happy Horse Ball.»
«Naturlone Trash Can» → «Naturlone Waste Bin»
«Town Center Summer Festival» → «Town Centre Summer Festival»
«Airborne babies may not be the best idea in the world but they seem to enjoy it!  Your Sim wants to toss a toddler in the air!» → «Airborne babies may not be the best idea in the world but they seem to enjoy it! Your Sim wants to toss a toddler in the air!»
«Mythology often states the eggplant was used to revive and replenish winged heroes. Reality describes it as a funny-looking purple or white plant.» → «Mythology often states the aubergine was used to revive and replenish winged heroes. Reality describes it as a funny-looking purple or white plant.»
«Finalizing Dreams...» → «Finalising Dreams...»
«This white-painted country house anchors the west end of the Skyborough neighborhood, welcoming guests with an inviting, corner-facing porch.» → «This white-painted country house anchors the west end of the Skyborough neighbourhood, welcoming guests with an inviting, corner-facing porch.»
«Uncontrollable:\nSuch Raw Energy -- You Remind Love Inspector Of A Beautiful, Uninhibited Night That Love Inspector Shared With Claw Machine» → «Uncontrollable:\nSuch Raw Energy — You Remind Love Inspector Of A Beautiful, Uninhibited Night That Love Inspector Shared With Claw Machine»
«{OpOwner} did an excellent job and helped prove the concept of using 3-D sculptures to identify suspects.  The officers are quite happy with this crime fighting improvement!» → «{OpOwner} did an excellent job and helped prove the concept of using 3-D sculptures to identify suspects. The officers are quite happy with this crime fighting improvement!»
«Watering Hole Regulars are frequent customers at local bars, so they get a discount on all drinks and food.» → «Pub Regulars are frequent customers at pubs of all types, so they get a discount on all drinks and food.»
«You placed a fire station.  This is the lot where firemen live while on duty.» → «You placed a fire station. This is the lot where firemen live while on duty.»
«Here's a great way to get your owner's attention.  Gain the ability to vomit at will.» → «Here's a great way to get your owner's attention. Gain the ability to vomit at will.»
«MultiColored» → «MultiColoured»
«The Sims on the street have spoken and have chosen you as their favorite personality in the film industry! You've been given this tasteful award as a symbol of your widespread popularity.» → «The Sims on the street have spoken and have chosen you as their favourite personality in the film industry! You've been given this tasteful award as a symbol of your widespread popularity.»
«The paparazzi showed the conversation on the local news!  Luckily, what {0.SimFirstName} said was true, and most people agreed with it...» → «The paparazzi showed the conversation on the local news! Luckily, what {0.SimFirstName} said was true, and most people agreed with it...»
«{0.SimFirstName} wasn't receptive.  If you offer your services, {0.SimFirstName} will not be any more likely to accept them.» → «{0.SimFirstName} wasn't receptive. If you offer your services, {0.SimFirstName} will not be any more likely to accept them.»
«Fertilizer from box stalls used by this horse is always of the highest quality.» → «Fertiliser from box stalls used by this horse is always of the highest quality.»
«Despite his semi-introverted personality, Beau is the center of attention in his household. This of course is all part of Beau's master plan. How will his roommates react when they find out that he's a vampire?» → «Despite his semi-introverted personality, Beau is the centre of attention in his household. This of course is all part of Beau's master plan. How will his roommates react when they find out that he's a vampire?»
«Werewolves have two forms and can customize each form. To swap forms, use the Transform button above the Sim Portrait.» → «Werewolves have two forms and can customise each form. To swap forms, use the Transform button above the Sim Portrait.»
«Oh Snap! You're so good that you're practically a mythological creature on the photography circuit. You're at the very top and have grown metaphorical wings to soar above the competition.» → «Oh Snap! You're so good that you're practically a mythological creature in the photography community. You're at the very top and have grown metaphorical wings to soar above the competition.»
«Cosmetic buffs may recognize the Beauty Box as similar to the makeup tray used by legendary vaudeville performer, Peaches La Rue. Peaches used makeup to hide the fact she was actually a gorilla, and not the alluring comedienne audiences assumed her to be.» → «Cosmetic buffs may recognise the Beauty Box as similar to the makeup tray used by legendary vaudeville performer, Peaches La Rue. Peaches used makeup to hide the fact she was actually a gorilla, and not the alluring comedienne audiences assumed her to be.»
«{2.SimName} just met this enigmatic Time-Traveling stranger, filled with promises of adventure!» → «{2.SimName} just met this enigmatic Time-Travelling stranger, filled with promises of adventure!»
«If {0.SimFirstName} is not fed soon, the social worker will be forced to take away all of the daycare children and suspend the daycare.» → «If {0.SimFirstName} is not fed soon, the social worker will be forced to take away all of the nursery children and suspend the daycare.»
«Check out that toothsome smile in this fabulous confectionary mirror.  The Panache Ganache will be a delicious addition to your home. Your reflection will whisper sweet nothings and you'll glow in the warmth of a candy-coated design.» → «Check out that toothsome smile in this fabulous confectionery mirror. The Panache Ganache will be a delicious addition to your home. Your reflection will whisper sweet nothings and you'll glow in the warmth of a candy-coated design.»
«Celestial Explorers have discovered {0.Number} celestial bodies through their telescope. Their extensive knowledge of the heavens allows them to discuss the stars with their friends and neighbors.» → «Celestial Explorers have discovered {0.Number} celestial bodies through their telescope. Their extensive knowledge of the heavens allows them to discuss the stars with their friends and neighbours.»
«Shows at live venues have a lot of character and flavor. They are the best place to catch some up-and-coming performers.» → «Shows at live venues have a lot of character and flavour. They are the best place to catch some up-and-coming performers.»
«Movin' on up! You've dominated the local scene and now you're looking for a bigger and tougher challenge. You'll be pitted against the best of the best in the International Circuit. Your horse wishes to enter an International Jumping Competition.» → «Movin' on up! You've dominated the local scene and now you're looking for a bigger and tougher challenge. You'll be pitted against the best of the best on the International Tour. Your horse wishes to enter an International Jumping Competition.»
«In the middle of the Middle Century, Queen Nosylla commissioned a carpenter to build her a coffee table that reflected her love for halfway caffeinated coffee. This is the result; a table that has all the flavor and body of the real thing, at just half the price!» → «In the middle of the Middle Century, Queen Nosylla commissioned a carpenter to build her a coffee table that reflected her love for halfway caffeinated coffee. This is the result; a table that has all the flavour and body of the real thing, at just half the price!»
«This streetlamp will light your way and give your neighborhood a splash of color. With the Seramorson Streetlamp, no one, not even fools, will be confused about whether it's night or day.» → «This streetlamp will light your way and give your neighbourhood a splash of colour. With the Seramorson Streetlamp, no one, not even fools, will be confused about whether it's night or day.»
«Completing homework daily is the key to good grades. Your Sim hopes to make the honor roll and wants to finish the assigned homework.» → «Completing homework daily is the key to good grades. Your Sim hopes to make the honour roll and wants to finish the assigned homework.»
«The autograph session is underway!  {0.SimFirstName} has {2.Hours} to sign as many autographs as she can. Fans who receive an autograph may even spend money inside {1.ObjectName} if they like {0.SimFirstName} enough. Try to sign autographs on a first-come first-served basis or fans will get frustrated and leave empty-handed!» → «The autograph session is underway! {0.SimFirstName} has {2.Hours} to sign as many autographs as she can. Fans who receive an autograph may even spend money inside {1.ObjectName} if they like {0.SimFirstName} enough. Try to sign autographs on a first-come first-served basis or fans will get frustrated and leave empty-handed!»
«Jobs are time sensitive, even when you're working for The Organization. The heist had to be cancelled due to your failure to case the joint on time! Have fun explaining that to your boss.» → «Jobs are time sensitive, even when you're working for The Organisation. The heist had to be cancelled due to your failure to case the joint on time! Have fun explaining that to your boss.»
«Nothing says "I love fishing," like a giant oil painting of a man fishing in a stream. Tell everyone how you really feel.» → «Nothing says "I love fishing," like a giant oil painting of a lad fishing in a stream. Tell everyone how you really feel.»
«A contemporary all-weather loveseat in a classic style with a UV resistant, stain resistant, 100% polyester cushion. The tubular aluminum frame has plastic foot levelers to allow for perfect placement of the seats and canopy. So, whether you want to nap on the patio or give your special someone a kiss on the veranda, think Conquistador!» → «A contemporary all-weather loveseat in a classic style with a UV resistant, stain resistant, 100% polyester cushion. The tubular aluminium frame has plastic foot levelers to allow for perfect placement of the seats and canopy. So, whether you want to nap on the patio or give your special someone a kiss on the veranda, think Conquistador!»
«Analyze Statistics» → «Analyse Statistics»
«{0.SimFirstName}'s starting to get that urge.  Having a scratching post around the house right now would be ideal.» → «{0.SimFirstName}'s starting to get that urge. Having a scratching post around the house right now would be ideal.»
«You made it to the Hospital before the poison spread and the trial remedy worked!  Your boss was impressed with your dedication to medicine and gave you a nice raise. You were also paid some cash to never mention the experiment!» → «You made it to the Hospital before the poison spread and the trial remedy worked! Your boss was impressed with your dedication to medicine and gave you a nice raise. You were also paid some cash to never mention the experiment!»
«Okay. My friend's favorite drink is a good {0.String}. I could really go for one of those!» → «Okay. My friend's favourite drink is a good {0.String}. I could really go for one of those!»
«{0.SimFirstName} is tasked with holding a seminar on the need for proper medical attentiveness both on and off the job.  It's time to educate all those eager young employees about their health benefits.» → «{0.SimFirstName} is tasked with holding a seminar on the need for proper medical attentiveness both on and off the job. It's time to educate all those eager young employees about their health benefits.»
«Unfurl the Flower Power Rug in any room to add a lively splash of color to the decor. You'll be delighted when you brighten and infuse the space with the energy of flowers.» → «Unfurl the Flower Power Rug in any room to add a lively splash of colour to the decor. You'll be delighted when you brighten and infuse the space with the energy of flowers.»
«{0.SimName} has sculpted a Good {1.String} in {2.String}.  It is worth {3.Money}!  You can move or sell it in buy mode.» → «{0.SimName} has sculpted a Good {1.String} in {2.String}. It is worth {3.Money}! You can move or sell it in buy mode.»
«{0.SimFirstName} has a Good Sense of Humor, which means other Sims will really love his jokes. (Hover over any trait in the Simology panel to see more benefits.)» → «{0.SimFirstName} has a Good Sense of Humour, which means other Sims will really love his jokes. (Hover over any trait in the Simology panel to see more benefits.)»
«The Light Freshener is the first bathroom sconce to double as both lamp and aroma purifier. Built-in odor sensors analyze the bathroom’s atmosphere. When stench particles cross the PPM threshold, blasts of perfumed counter-gas shoot from the bulb, adding a hint of cinnamon to the mix.» → «The Light Freshener is the first bathroom sconce to double as both lamp and aroma purifier. Built-in odor sensors analyse the bathroom’s atmosphere. When stench particles cross the PPM threshold, blasts of perfumed counter-gas shoot from the bulb, adding a hint of cinnamon to the mix.»
«Swimming in icy waters has earned {0.SimFirstName} an honorary membership to the Polar Bear Club! Members have shown a strong immunity to the cold.» → «Swimming in icy waters has earned {0.SimFirstName} an honourary membership to the Polar Bear Club! Members have shown a strong immunity to the cold.»
«Congratulations on becoming a top tier Investigator! The Mayor of {TownName} would like to reward you with the {1.String} in recognition of your hard work and dedication to the community. A ceremony is planned at City Hall in honor of you!» → «Congratulations on becoming a top tier Investigator! The Mayor of {TownName} would like to reward you with the {1.String} in recognition of your hard work and dedication to the community. A ceremony is planned at City Hall in honour of you!»
«What a mysterious place... though nobody has been here for centuries, it feels like someone was just here.  Eerie!» → «What a mysterious place... though nobody has been here for centuries, it feels like someone was just here. Eerie!»
«Amazing!  How long has this place been abandoned?  It's hard to tell... there's a strange presence in the air.» → «Amazing! How long has this place been abandoned? It's hard to tell... there's a strange presence in the air.»
«Why has nobody found this place?  Creepy... it must be visible only to worthy adventurers...» → «Why has nobody found this place? Creepy... it must be visible only to worthy adventurers...»
«Color Wheel» → «Colour Wheel»
«• Your Pet will not choose to perform destructive actions like knocking over trash cans, or digging holes in the yard.» → «• Your Pet will not choose to perform destructive actions like knocking over waste bins, or digging holes in the yard.»
«I’ve put on a few pounds lately and I do not like the way my clothes are fitting. With my busy schedule it’s hard to find time to get to the gym. Please build me a workout room so I can get a jump start on fitness.» → «I’ve put on a few kilograms lately and I do not like the way my clothes are fitting. With my busy schedule it’s hard to find time to get to the gym. Please build me a workout room so I can get a jump start on fitness.»
«Getting to know the proprietor of a performance venue could help you get gigs. Next time you’re in your favorite hangout, introduce yourself and see what happens.» → «Getting to know the proprietor of a performance venue could help you get gigs. Next time you’re in your favourite hangout, introduce yourself and see what happens.»
«Basic Colors Swatches» → «Basic Colours Swatches»
«3BR / 3 Bath - Elegance is in the eye of the beholder and this exceptional property can fairly be called a mansion in the eyes of its owners. With a  livable porch, kitchen garage door, and camouflage décor, what more could a family want?» → «3BR / 3 Bath - Elegance is in the eye of the beholder and this exceptional property can fairly be called a mansion in the eyes of its owners. With a livable porch, kitchen garage door, and camouflage décor, what more could a family want?»
«At the beginning of each show, your Sim has the option of creating and customizing the stage setting to fit the mood of their show. Click on the stage shortly before it's time for the show to start, and select "Create a Custom Setup" from the pie menu to launch stage set up mode.» → «At the beginning of each show, your Sim has the option of creating and customising the stage setting to fit the mood of their show. Click on the stage shortly before it's time for the show to start, and select "Create a Custom Setup" from the pie menu to launch stage set up mode.»
«Honorary Mermaid» → «Honourary Mermaid»
«Why is it that one mailbox contains a handful of mail, each piece addressed to a different lover, and each with a different name on the return? It doesn't look like 15 young {MB.guys}{FB.ladies} live in this house. Perhaps my contact at the local intelligence agency can help distill this nonsense into one name.» → «Why is it that one post box contains a handful of mail, each piece addressed to a different lover, and each with a different name on the return? It doesn't look like 15 young {MB.guys}{FB.ladies} live in this house. Perhaps my contact at the local intelligence agency can help distill this nonsense into one name.»
«Oh no!  The police are breaking up {0.SimName}'s protest!» → «Oh no! The police are breaking up {0.SimName}'s protest!»
«Flavortastic» → «Flavourtastic»
«Recognizing beauty, even one's own, is just a benefit of vanity.» → «Recognising beauty, even one's own, is just a benefit of vanity.»
«What kind of daycare facility is this? {1.SimFirstName} left crying and screaming!» → «What kind of nursery facility is this? {1.SimFirstName} left crying and screaming!»
«Throw safety goggles to the wind and harness the power of invention! A brilliant mind and blowtorch can turn yesterday’s Scrap into tomorrow’s must-have life improvement gadget.  Who knows what the next big discovery or explosion will yield?» → «Throw safety goggles to the wind and harness the power of invention! A brilliant mind and blowtorch can turn yesterday’s Scrap into tomorrow’s must-have life improvement gadget. Who knows what the next big discovery or explosion will yield?»
«Help a Time Traveler Out» → «Help a Time Traveller Out»
«Town Center Spring Festival» → «Town Centre Spring Festival»
«The vanilla markets stablized overnight leading to an average demand for vanilla goods.» → «The vanilla markets stablised overnight leading to an average demand for vanilla goods.»
«Vanilla reaches its highest demand in years!  Confectioners are too busy eating ice cream to see this bubble!  Cash in while you can!» → «Vanilla reaches its highest demand in years! Confectioners are too busy eating ice cream to see this bubble! Cash in while you can!»
«There must be something to this legend as the keystone works again.  This is where the Queen kept most of her personal accoutrements so the proof should be here somewhere.» → «There must be something to this legend as the keystone works again. This is where the Queen kept most of her personal accoutrements so the proof should be here somewhere.»
«There are few things as enjoyable as a stroll along the shore. Take in the fresh air, sun, and quality time with your pet.  Your Sim and their pet want to Take a Walk to the Beach together.» → «There are few things as enjoyable as a stroll along the shore. Take in the fresh air, sun, and quality time with your pet. Your Sim and their pet want to Take a Walk to the Beach together.»
«After being doused with Melancholy Serum, {1.SimName} thinks that socializing or doing anything fun is about as enjoyable as getting doused with Melancholy Serum.» → «After being doused with Melancholy Serum, {1.SimName} thinks that socialising or doing anything fun is about as enjoyable as getting doused with Melancholy Serum.»
«Total simoleons spent making items: {0.Money}  Total money collected: {1.Money}  Total profit: {2.Money}» → «Total simoleons spent making items: {0.Money} Total money collected: {1.Money} Total profit: {2.Money}»
«Your Sim can be a member of multiple Social Groups. Look for colors and icons that identify Sims belonging to different Social Groups.» → «Your Sim can be a member of multiple Social Groups. Look for colours and icons that identify Sims belonging to different Social Groups.»
«There are three new Social Groups in the world that Sims can become a part of. Socializing with members of a certain social group is a good way to gain influence with that group. There are also object interactions that will give you influence. For example, playing video games gives your Sim Nerd influence.» → «There are three new Social Groups in the world that Sims can become a part of. Socialising with members of a certain social group is a good way to gain influence with that group. There are also object interactions that will give you influence. For example, playing video games gives your Sim Nerd influence.»
«Flavor Savor Nectar Rack» → «Flavour Savor Nectar Rack»
«The original founding house of the Tri-Fruhm Sorority. Ladies only!» → «The original founding house of the Queen Mesprit Women's College. Ladies only!»
«Can't perform concert during athletic game» → «Can't perform concert during an athletic match»
«After emigrating from Al Simhara to Pleasantview, Amine Hayuk started up the local Al Simharan Carpenter’s Union. This is the first door to be completely built through unionized labor.» → «After emigrating from Al Simhara to Pleasantview, Amine Hayuk started up the local Al Simharan Carpenter’s Union. This is the first door to be completely built through unionised labour.»
«Sims love to chat with their friends and neighbors!» → «Sims love to chat with their friends and neighbours!Do you want to learn more about Socialisation?»
«Favorite Food» → «Favourite Food»
«This rug’s circular design and outer ring make it a natural centerpiece for any living room. Its blocks and spaces are scientifically calibrated to promote optimal conversation in groups.» → «This rug’s circular design and outer ring make it a natural centrepiece for any living room. Its blocks and spaces are scientifically calibrated to promote optimal conversation in groups.»
«Camera technology is important, especially to someone so deeply entrenched in a photography profession.  You're quite the photographic entrepreneur -- keep it up!» → «Camera technology is important, especially to someone so deeply entrenched in a photography profession. You're quite the photographic entrepreneur — keep it up!»
«You're about to reset the Time Continuum which will remove all changes you've made to the Future World.  Are you sure you want to do this?» → «You're about to reset the Time Continuum which will remove all changes you've made to the Future World. Are you sure you want to do this?»
«The Sims 3 High-End Loft Stuff Team» → «The Sims 3 Design & High-Tech Stuff Team»
«Effective humor is a great way to bond with organic Sims. Your Plumbot wants to slide into a social situation and impress with its jokes.» → «Effective humour is a great way to bond with organic Sims. Your Plumbot wants to slide into a social situation and impress with its jokes.»
«Recalibrate Defense Grid» → «Recalibrate Defence Grid»
«{0.SimFirstName} is Independent, which means {MA.he}{FA.she} can handle socializing with other pets and Sims, but prefers to do things on {MB.his}{FB.her}  own. (Hover over any trait in the Simology Panel to see more benefits.)» → «{0.SimFirstName} is Independent, which means {MA.he}{FA.she} can handle socialising with other pets and Sims, but prefers to do things on {MB.his}{FB.her} own. (Hover over any trait in the Simology Panel to see more benefits.)»
«How lame! You got rid of the TV! Your neighbors won’t be able to trust you with their things. You’ll need to pay for that...» → «How lame! You got rid of the TV! Your neighbours won’t be able to trust you with their things. You’ll need to pay for that...»
«The mark of an exquisite house is lots of high pitched roofs with a rotunda or two thrown in, and this house is no exception. Step out back and enjoy the serenity of your own pool. Better yet enjoy some barbecues and invite the neighbors! But the real charm can be found inside where your Sims can live in the lap of luxury with an old time feel.» → «The mark of an exquisite house is lots of high pitched roofs with a rotunda or two thrown in, and this house is no exception. Step out back and enjoy the serenity of your own pool. Better yet enjoy some barbecues and invite the neighbours! But the real charm can be found inside where your Sims can live in the lap of luxury with an old time feel.»
«This massive multi-level manor house is meant for a King and his entire court! The custom-designed roofline with its many peaks and gables add to the impressive facade. Your little Prince or Princess has their own turret tower from which to rule over their kingdom. Give your royal family the palace they deserve!» → «This massive multi-level manor house is meant for a King and his entire court! The custom-designed roofline with its many peaks and gables add to the impressive façade. Your little Prince or Princess has their own turret tower from which to rule over their kingdom. Give your royal family the palace they deserve!»
«Not too small and not too big, this Greek Revival style house is just right, whether you’re starting a family or just a single Sim who wants it all. The stylish bay window adorning the front adds a welcome touch of class that is sure to be the envy of your neighbors. Better yet, the flexible floor plan offers your Sim endless possibilities to add that personal touch!» → «Not too small and not too big, this Greek Revival style house is just right, whether you’re starting a family or just a single Sim who wants it all. The stylish bay window adorning the front adds a welcome touch of class that is sure to be the envy of your neighbours. Better yet, the flexible floor plan offers your Sim endless possibilities to add that personal touch!»
«Step into this Neo-Classical home and experience luxuries your Sim didn’t realize existed. Ever wanted a sun room or a fashionable three story turret? Now you do! And the well-stocked library will unleash the inner bookworm in every Sim. Don’t take our word for it. Once you experience the unique architecture and lavish appointments of this home, anything else just won’t cut it.» → «Step into this Neo-Classical home and experience luxuries your Sim didn’t realize existed. Ever wanted a sun room or a fashionable three floor turret? Now you do! And the well-stocked library will unleash the inner bookworm in every Sim. Don’t take our word for it. Once you experience the unique architecture and lavish appointments of this home, anything else just won’t cut it.»
«Welcome to this inviting two-story country colonial large enough for nearly any family. The oversize covered front porch will accommodate more than a few friends with room enough for the dog and kids too. And what could say country more than an all-brick fireplace to complete the picture of Home Sweet Home?» → «Welcome to this inviting two-floor country colonial large enough for nearly any family. The oversize covered front porch will accommodate more than a few friends with room enough for the dog and kids too. And what could say country more than an all-brick fireplace to complete the picture of Home Sweet Home?»
«This well-built home is large enough to comfortably fit a family of Sims but without the ostentatiousness of a large mansion.  Your family will love hanging out in the cozy living room and one lucky Sim will have their own balcony attached to their bedroom. You’ll find just the right place for all your belongings in this easy-to-accessorize house!» → «This well-built home is large enough to comfortably fit a family of Sims but without the ostentatiousness of a large mansion. Your family will love hanging out in the cosy living room and one lucky Sim will have their own balcony attached to their bedroom. You’ll find just the right place for all your belongings in this easy-to-accessorise house!»
«Teaching a new trick, such as Roll Over, can be such an adventure! Your dog is really happy with all the attention {MA.He}{FA.She} is getting that they practically can't lie still from all the excitement!» → «Teaching a new trick, such as Roll Over, can be such an adventure! Your dog is really happy with all the attention {MA.He}{FA.She} is getting that they practically can't lie still from all the excitement!»
«This cozy home is perfect for the single Sim, or a newlywed couple.» → «This cosy home is perfect for the single Sim, or a newlywed couple.»
«My favorite food is {0.String}.» → «My favourite food is {0.String}.»
«The most prestigious of awards, the J. Black Cross-Country Cup symbolizes everything a champion horse and rider could hope to attain. We honor the memory of Mr. Black - a true connoisseur of the equine, with this glistening trophy that demonstrates the pinnacle of competition.» → «The most prestigious of awards, the J. Black Cross-Country Cup symbolises everything a champion horse and rider could hope to attain. We honour the memory of Mr. Black - a true connoisseur of the equine, with this glistening trophy that demonstrates the pinnacle of competition.»
«Mosquito Defense» → «Mosquito Defence»
«Teaching your dog tricks is always a fun-filled a activity! A more advanced trick or tactic of the standard Roll Over - the Play Dead command - is great for tricking unsuspecting mailmen or unwanted visitors! Your Sim wants to Teach your Dog how to Play Dead.» → «Teaching your dog tricks is always a fun-filled a activity! A more advanced trick or tactic of the standard Roll Over - the Play Dead command - is great for tricking unsuspecting postmen or unwanted visitors! Your Sim wants to Teach your Dog how to Play Dead.»
«Politicians of great renown should use their  oratory abilities to inspire the masses. Your Sim wants to give an inspirational speech... for liberty!» → «Politicians of great renown should use their oratory abilities to inspire the masses. Your Sim wants to give an inspirational speech... for liberty!»
«The Copper is much appreciated.  I will put it to good use, unlike this Relic I've been hoarding for so long.  Here, enjoy it.  Take it back to whoever sent you here.  Yes I know something is going on around here, don't take us locals for idiots!» → «The Copper is much appreciated. I will put it to good use, unlike this Relic I've been hoarding for so long. Here, enjoy it. Take it back to whoever sent you here. Yes I know something is going on around here, don't take us locals for idiots!»
«The event was quite successful.  With an atmosphere of can do attitude and so many good examples of good horsemanship, {OpOwner}'s horse has definitely learned a lot!» → «The event was quite successful. With an atmosphere of can do attitude and so many good examples of good horsemanship, {OpOwner}'s horse has definitely learned a lot!»
«Make a Game Plan» → «Make a Match Plan»
«Friends, we are gathered here today to recognize the achievements of a very talented member of our community. Whether you need a quick hair cut or a complete makeover {0.SimFirstName} is never too busy to assist the citizens of {TownName} in the quest to look their best. {0.SimFirstName} has risen through the ranks to be renowned worldwide as a Stylist icon! It is with great pleasure I award the {1.String} to {0.SimFirstName}. Thank you for your contributions to the looks of the Sims of {TownName}!» → «Friends, we are gathered here today to recognise the achievements of a very talented member of our community. Whether you need a quick hair cut or a complete makeover {0.SimFirstName} is never too busy to assist the citizens of {TownName} in the quest to look their best. {0.SimFirstName} has risen through the ranks to be renowned worldwide as a Stylist icon! It is with great pleasure I award the {1.String} to {0.SimFirstName}. Thank you for your contributions to the looks of the Sims of {TownName}!»
«{OpOwner}'s neighbor overheard {MA.him}{FA.her} practicing recently and thought {MA.he}{FA.she} was really good (and really loud.) {OpTarget} is encouraging {OpOwner} to get out of the house, go play in the public and earn some tips!» → «{OpOwner}'s neighbour overheard {MA.him}{FA.her} practicing recently and thought {MA.he}{FA.she} was really good (and really loud.) {OpTarget} is encouraging {OpOwner} to get out of the house, go play in the public and earn some tips!»
«Gypsy Wagon» → «Fortune Wagon»
«Many hours of enjoyment can be had by playing with a pet! It'd be great to be able to pet and nuzzle your scaly little friend! Your Sim wants to Play with a Lizard.» → «Many hours of enjoyment can be had by playing with a pet! It'd be great to be able to pet and nuzzle your scaly little friend! Your Sim wants to Play with a Lizard.»
«{0.SimFirstName} is now a teenager! Elementary School training was cake compared to this. Would you like {0.SimFirstName} to remain disciplined and enrolled at Fort Starch Military School? This will cost an additional {2.Money}.» → «{0.SimFirstName} is now a teenager! Primary School training was cake compared to this. Would you like {0.SimFirstName} to remain disciplined and enrolled at Fort Starch Military School? This will cost an additional {2.Money}.»
«The Sims of Shang Simla were honored that you took the time to speak with them. The cabinet approved a raise as a reward for your actions.» → «The Sims of Shang Simla were honoured that you took the time to speak with them. The cabinet approved a raise as a reward for your actions.»
«Al Simhara is a fantastic destination for travelers who love tomb exploration and danger.» → «Al Simhara is a fantastic destination for travellers who love tomb exploration and danger.»
«Sims improve their Visa status by completing Adventures while traveling. A high Visa level is essential for a dream vacation!» → «Sims improve their Visa status by completing Adventures while travelling. A high Visa level is essential for a dream vacation!»
«Your charm and charisma has saved the day. Your neighbors rest more comfortably knowing you're a negotiator with the skills to avert any catastrophe.» → «Your charm and charisma has saved the day. Your neighbours rest more comfortably knowing you're a negotiator with the skills to avert any catastrophe.»
«In the sports word, statistics are king and statistics can win or lose an athlete a big contract. Your Sim wants to go analyze some sports statistics to find the next hot athlete!» → «In the sports word, statistics are king and statistics can win or lose an athlete a big contract. Your Sim wants to go analyse some sports statistics to find the next hot athlete!»
«I may have found a lead on the Wasteland’s Mysterious Door. The thing’s rumored to have fallen from the sky, and since it persists across dimensions we know it must have fallen before the timelines split. Scour the Stellar Observatory’s records for the answer.» → «I may have found a lead on the Wasteland’s Mysterious Door. The thing’s rumoured to have fallen from the sky, and since it persists across dimensions we know it must have fallen before the timelines split. Scour the Stellar Observatory’s records for the answer.»
«{0.SimName} has just moved in. There goes the neighborhood...» → «{0.SimName} has just moved in. There goes the neighbourhood...»
«~ Inspection Certificate ~  This cellar has been certified safe and structurally stable.  Next inspection required:  August, 1872.» → «~ Inspection Certificate ~ This cellar has been certified safe and structurally stable. Next inspection required: August, 1872.»
«Alphabetizing Books» → «Alphabetising Books»
«Pet has no collar to customize.» → «Pet has no collar to customise.»
«Who has time to not exercise and eat junk food? BOOM!  {0.SimName} found a shortcut and is now large and in charge!» → «Who has time to not exercise and eat junk food? BOOM! {0.SimName} found a shortcut and is now large and in charge!»
«Fertilize with...» → «Fertilise with...»
«Your greatness will be recognized by your closest friends!» → «Your greatness will be recognised by your closest friends!»
«This cookie will bring luck as long as it is with you, so try not to use the bathroom for a while.» → «This biscuit will bring luck as long as it is with you, so try not to use the bathroom for a while.»
«The Magic Gnomes know something.  If you learn it, keep it to yourself, the Gnomes are everywhere.» → «The Magic Gnomes know something. If you learn it, keep it to yourself, the Gnomes are everywhere.»
«All fortunes cookies are from the future!  That’s their secret to knowing all.» → «All fortunes biscuits are from the future! That’s their secret to knowing all.»
«You will find knowledge in the form of a cookie.» → «You will find knowledge in the form of a biscuit.»
«Pangu’s Axe can be found in China.  It has the power to destroy large boulders.» → «Pangu’s Axe can be found in China. It has the power to destroy large boulders.»
«If you are reading this, the world still exists.  My plans have failed.» → «If you are reading this, the world still exists. My plans have failed.»
«.uoy rof dooG  .sdrawkcab daer nac uoY» → «.uoy rof dooG .sdrawkcab daer nac uoY»
«Blue is a regal color, striking from a distance and ideal for a mysterious vibe.» → «Blue is a regal colour, striking from a distance and ideal for a mysterious vibe.»
«Light: Set Color White» → «Light: Set Colour White»
«How well the best Fertilizer item accelerates plant growth.» → «How well the best Fertiliser item accelerates plant growth.»
«Paddy's Irish Pub Stand is a perfect platform to place your drink as you enjoy some conversation with a  new friend or a potential lover. While you lean over the oak top to whisper in someone's ear, rest assured that the stand will stay solid as you bond with someone forever... or just for a night.» → «Paddy's Irish Pub Stand is a perfect platform to place your drink as you enjoy some conversation with a new friend or a potential lover. While you lean over the oak top to whisper in someone's ear, rest assured that the stand will stay solid as you bond with someone forever... or just for a night.»
«Missing {0.String}. These kinds of ingredients are found in a variety of locations. Some can be harvested from plants in a garden or around the town, and some can be bought at a grocery store or elixir shop.» → «Missing {0.String}. These kinds of ingredients are found in a variety of locations. Some can be harvested from plants in a garden or around the town, and some can be bought at a supermarket or elixir shop.»
«Congratulations! {0.SimName} has completed The Scrap Collector Challenge.  As a reward, {MA.he}{FA.she} will find more Scrap in junk piles and trash cans.» → «Congratulations! {0.SimName} has completed The Scrap Collector Challenge. As a reward, {MA.he}{FA.she} will find more Scrap in junk piles and waste bins.»
«The {0.String} \nhas presented this certificate to \n{1.String} \nin recognition of achieving the honor of \nClass Valedictorian. \n\nAwarded by the School President.» → «The {0.String} \nhas presented this certificate to \n{1.String} \nin recognition of achieving the honour of \nClass Valedictorian. \n\nAwarded by the School President.»
«{0.SimFirstName} knows the value of second-hand goods and made a good living from it! The consignment store will now offer {0.SimFirstName} a lower fee per sale.» → «{0.SimFirstName} knows the value of second-hand goods and made a good living from it! The thrift shop will now offer {0.SimFirstName} a lower fee per sale.»
«Much like pilots rely upon runway lights when landing at night, carriage drivers relied on fence lights to guide themselves down night time roads before cars and headlights were invented. Place some Cobblestone Fence Lights on your fence today to give your neighborhood that old cobblestone feel!» → «Much like pilots rely upon runway lights when landing at night, carriage drivers relied on fence lights to guide themselves down night time roads before cars and headlights were invented. Place some Cobblestone Fence Lights on your fence today to give your neighbourhood that old cobblestone feel!»
«Teaching a new trick, such as Speak, can be such an adventure! Your dog is really happy with all the attention {MA.He}{FA.She} is getting that they practically can't stand still from all the excitement!» → «Teaching a new trick, such as Speak, can be such an adventure! Your dog is really happy with all the attention {MA.He}{FA.She} is getting that they practically can't stand still from all the excitement!»
«{0.SimFirstName} failed to help {1.SimFirstName}.  The medical community won't like this at all!» → «{0.SimFirstName} failed to help {1.SimFirstName}. The medical community won't like this at all!»
«Won a Game of Pool» → «Won a Game of Snooker»
«Just wanted to let you know that you've changed my life forever!  Thank you.» → «Just wanted to let you know that you've changed my life forever! Thank you.»
«If you want to edit decorations that are already placed in the world you can just pick them up from the world and drag it to the trash can or press the delete key to delete.» → «If you want to edit decorations that are already placed in the world you can just pick them up from the world and drag it to the waste bin or press the delete key to delete.»
«Trying to keep out the neighbors? Standard industrial quality bricks and "need to know" security level nano technology were used to create these unique fences. Guaranteed to prevent anything from passing... without a gate.» → «Trying to keep out the neighbours? Standard industrial quality bricks and "need to know" security level nano technology were used to create these unique fences. Guaranteed to prevent anything from passing... without a gate.»
«Salt licks, hay bales, water troughs--the Horse Ranch has everything!  It's like a home away from home!  Hey, it might even be better than home… if you were a horse. Your Pet wants to Visit a Horse Ranch.» → «Salt licks, hay bales, water troughs—the Horse Ranch has everything! It's like a home away from home! Hey, it might even be better than home… if you were a horse. Your Pet wants to Visit a Horse Ranch.»
«This Big Park is best used when placed in the world of Starlight Shores -- Designed by famed architect Froderick Moleshead, the City Park is a pastoral grove in the center of town.» → «This Big Park is best used when placed in the world of Starlight Shores — Designed by famed architect Froderick Moleshead, the City Park is a pastoral grove in the centre of town.»
«The event was a success and {OpOwner} met so many new possible friends!  People are calling it an Awesome Party!» → «The event was a success and {OpOwner} met so many new possible friends! People are calling it an Awesome Party!»
«Why would the consignment shop owner, {OpTarget}, be at the beach conducting shady deals? Because the shop is the perfect means by which to sell said ill-gotten wheels! The puzzle pieces are jamming into place. I think I'll pay {OpTarget} a mostly friendly visit.» → «Why would the thrift shop owner, {OpTarget}, be at the beach conducting shady deals? Because the shop is the perfect means by which to sell said ill-gotten wheels! The puzzle pieces are jamming into place. I think I'll pay {OpTarget} a mostly friendly visit.»
«Seeking a New Flavor» → «Seeking a New Flavour»
«Met the Time Traveler» → «Met the Time Traveller»
«{0.SimName} just swiped someone's {1.String}. It is now in your family inventory. For good karma, it can be returned to the owner via the mailbox.» → «{0.SimName} just swiped someone's {1.String}. It is now in your family inventory. For good karma, it can be returned to the owner via the postbox.»
«Oh, so close!  The sabotage was unsuccessful.» → «Oh, so close! The sabotage was unsuccessful.»
«Tour Command Center With Group» → «Tour Command Centre With Group»
«(From Socializing with a Descendant)» → «(From Socialising with a Descendant)»
«An installation failure has occurred.  Your disc may be corrupt.  If the problem persists, go to your Sims 3 Store purchase history, in-game Download Dashboard or contact EA Customer Support.» → «An installation failure has occurred. Your disc may be corrupt. If the problem persists, go to your Sims 3 Store purchase history, in-game Download Dashboard or contact EA Customer Support.»
«{0.SimFirstName} can now fertilize his garden plants with vegetables, fish, and other odds and ends. \n\nExpensive fertilizers like Rare fish and vegetables tend to help your plants more. Rare and special plants need the best fertilizers to really thrive!» → «{0.SimFirstName} can now Fertilise his garden plants with vegetables, fish, and other odds and ends. \n\nExpensive Fertilisers like Rare fish and vegetables tend to help your plants more. Rare and special plants need the best Fertilisers to really thrive!»
«Sometimes the best wingman doesn't have wings…  or even opposable thumbs. {2.SimName} just had {MA.his}{FA.her} dog fetch {MA.him}{FA.her} a date!» → «Sometimes the best wingman doesn't have wings… or even opposable thumbs. {2.SimName} just had {MA.his}{FA.her} dog fetch {MA.him}{FA.her} a date!»
«Cats with Homing Whiskers have caught at least {0.Number} rare prey.  As a reward the amount of time it takes to find prey is decreased.» → «Cats with Homing Whiskers have caught at least {0.Number} rare prey. As a reward the amount of time it takes to find prey is decreased.»
«Tomb Collection  - Halls of the Lost Army» → «Tomb Collection - Halls of the Lost Army»
«Nitrates are an important asset to any fertilizer; information you’ll find out by reading “Nitrates: They’re Not Just for Exploding.” You’ll earn points with your boss for reading this on your own time, plus your job performance will surely increase.» → «Nitrates are an important asset to any Fertiliser; information you’ll find out by reading “Nitrates: They’re Not Just for Exploding.” You’ll earn points with your boss for reading this on your own time, plus your job performance will surely increase.»
«Water is an essential part of a horse's diet!  Providing plenty of water to drink is a must when caring for your horse and keeping it happy.» → «Water is an essential part of a horse's diet! Providing plenty of water to drink is a must when caring for your horse and keeping it happy.»
«Look likes {0.SimFirstName} is ready to leave the fabulous life of the Daycare Career. It seems like crying toddlers and misbehaving childen are a thing of the past. Now you should probably take some time to take care of yourself and go explore your career options.» → «Look likes {0.SimFirstName} is ready to leave the fabulous life of the Nursery Career. It seems like crying toddlers and misbehaving childen are a thing of the past. Now you should probably take some time to take care of yourself and go explore your career options.»
«{OpTarget} claims to have nothing to hide and warmly invited me to dust for prints. I think I will -- dusting for clues is one of the things I do best.» → «{OpTarget} claims to have nothing to hide and warmly invited me to dust for prints. I think I will — dusting for clues is one of the things I do best.»
«Made with new high-tech cushioning materials, our loveseat offers the degree of comfort that you demand from your seating, without all the excess fluff. Settle yourself on firmer, sleeker coziness, because comfort doesn’t have to be fat.» → «Made with new high-tech cushioning materials, our loveseat offers the degree of comfort that you demand from your seating, without all the excess fluff. Settle yourself on firmer, sleeker cosiness, because comfort doesn’t have to be fat.»
«How lame! You got rid of the stereo! Your neighbors won’t be able to trust you with their things. You’ll need to pay for that...» → «How lame! You got rid of the stereo! Your neighbours won’t be able to trust you with their things. You’ll need to pay for that...»
«The Sculptor's Institute of Innovative Creations and Shaded Media \n hereby swears, avers, and certifies that \n {0.SimName} \n is well versed in every material available to Sculptors, and qualified to Sculpt at a professional level. \n \n Awarded: {DateAndTime}, Authorized Attending Sculptologist: Melanie Stephanie Lane, PhD.» → «The Sculptor's Institute of Innovative Creations and Shaded Media \n hereby swears, avers, and certifies that \n {0.SimName} \n is well versed in every material available to Sculptors, and qualified to Sculpt at a professional level. \n \n Awarded: {DateAndTime}, Authorised Attending Sculptologist: Melanie Stephanie Lane, PhD.»
«{0.SimFirstName} has used every fertilizer in her inventory but there are still plants to left to fertilize.» → «{0.SimFirstName} has used every Fertiliser in her inventory but there are still plants to left to Fertilise.»
«Food Truck Parking Space» → «Food Van Parking Space»
«The demand for chocolate is at an all time high!  The people demand more chocolate!» → «The demand for chocolate is at an all time high! The people demand more chocolate!»
«I hope you picked a good drink flavor! Did you notice any unusual Nanite activity over there?» → «I hope you picked a good drink flavour! Did you notice any unusual Nanite activity over there?»
«Well you seem to be a very nice person Mr. {1.SimLastName}.  Unfortunately I can't honor the first shipment of this contract.  If I had {9.Number} pieces of Turquoise I could make some "relics" real fast to ship to MorcuCorp.  Honestly they wouldn't even know the difference.  Do this for me and we both will be rewarded.» → «Well you seem to be a very nice person Mr. {1.SimLastName}. Unfortunately I can't honor the first shipment of this contract. If I had {9.Number} pieces of Turquoise I could make some "relics" real fast to ship to MorcuCorp. Honestly they wouldn't even know the difference. Do this for me and we both will be rewarded.»
«Some neighbors have arrived to welcome the household to the town!» → «Some neighbours have arrived to welcome the household to the town!»
«{0.SimName} has sculpted a Masterpiece {1.String} in {2.String}!  It is worth {3.Money}!  You can move or sell it in buy mode.» → «{0.SimName} has sculpted a Masterpiece {1.String} in {2.String}! It is worth {3.Money}! You can move or sell it in buy mode.»
«Randomize Baby DNA with...» → «Randomise Baby DNA with...»
«Horus's equine experience has helped {OpOwner}'s horse excel at their riding and jumping skills.  Jumping those high gates will be even easier now!» → «Horus's equine experience has helped {OpOwner}'s horse excel at their riding and jumping skills. Jumping those high gates will be even easier now!»
«Ho young traveler! It's dangerous to travel forth into a dimly lit abode. The benevolent King Launergan wishes to bestow his royal sconce unto you, to light your path and fortify your walls. Rest in comfort knowing what evils may lurk beyond these walls will most assuredly be kept at bay.» → «Ho young traveller! It's dangerous to travel forth into a dimly lit abode. The benevolent King Launergan wishes to bestow his royal sconce unto you, to light your path and fortify your walls. Rest in comfort knowing what evils may lurk beyond these walls will most assuredly be kept at bay.»
«Weight & Sea Rec Center» → «Weight & Sea Rec Centre»
«{0.SimFirstName} can't resist anymore!  {MA.He}{FA.She} definitely isn't going to just "chew" anymore, unless your idea of "chewed" is "destroyed".» → «{0.SimFirstName} can't resist anymore! {MA.He}{FA.She} definitely isn't going to just "chew" anymore, unless your idea of "chewed" is "destroyed".»
«Most staircases have that one infamous step. It’s usually the last one and often dubbed a “doozey.”  Well, the carpenter drones at Section 7G dared to envision a staircase made entirely of doozey steps. The result is the Doozey Step Staircase, where every step is a doozey!» → «Most staircases have that one infamous step. It’s usually the last one and often dubbed a “doozey.” Well, the carpenter drones at Section 7G dared to envision a staircase made entirely of doozey steps. The result is the Doozey Step Staircase, where every step is a doozey!»
«Built at Founders Square, “the Keep” has one of the longest waiting lists of any building. This is surprising since it’s not that nice and its identical neighbor is not at all popular.» → «Built at Founders Square, “the Keep” has one of the longest waiting lists of any building. This is surprising since it’s not that nice and its identical neighbour is not at all popular.»
«Horses love to to run around, wild and free, with the grass under their feet and the wind in their hair!  Your horse wants to Gallop Around.» → «Horses love to to run around, wild and free, with the grass under their feet and the wind in their hair! Your horse wants to Gallop Around.»
«There's not enough room here to play fetch.  We should go to the park to play.» → «There's not enough room here to play fetch. We should go to the park to play.»
«Take a stroll and learn about the heroes of history that helped shaped Oasis Landing’s culture.» → «Take a stroll and learn about the heroes of history that helped shape Oasis Landing’s culture.»
«You placed a Dive Bar. This location is wonderful for relaxing after a long day, casually enjoying the local night life, or simply getting your juice on.» → «You placed a Corner Pub. This location is wonderful for relaxing after a long day, casually enjoying the local night life, or simply getting your juice on.»
« Improved Smasher» → «Improved Smasher»
«{2.SimName} just won a game of Shuffleboard. {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember getting in that winning slide!» → «{2.SimName} just won a match of Shuffleboard. {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember getting in that winning slide!»
«Medium, Square Floor Tiles in Two Colors» → «Medium, Square Floor Tiles in Two Colours»
«The kids were really excited to have a star of your caliber show up in person. Judging by the number of camera flashes, it seems the paparazzi was excited as well.» → «The kids were really excited to have a star of your calibre show up in person. Judging by the number of camera flashes, it seems the paparazzi was excited as well.»
«Dive Bar» → «Corner Pub»
«Thin Ceiling Molding - Center» → «Thin Ceiling Moulding – Centre»
«Once used by early settlers of Oasis Landing, this fishing hole has been forgotten, except by the local neighbors.» → «Once used by early settlers of Oasis Landing, this fishing hole has been forgotten, except by the local neighbours.»
«Throwing the old pig-skin has been a classic past-time for Sims since… well forever! Find a nice open space on the {OpTarget} and toss the football around for a while.» → «Throwing the old pig-skin has been a classic past-time for Sims since… well forever! Find a nice open space on the {OpTarget} and toss the American football around for a while.»
« {0.SimName} is especially great to have around.» → «{0.SimName} is especially great to have around.»
« Every group should have an Excellent Groupie!» → «Every group should have an Excellent Groupie!»
« {0.SimName} is an Excellent Groupie!» → «{0.SimName} is an Excellent Groupie!»
«Humor Novelists bring the funny with every page. Their humor books are constantly on the hit or best-seller lists.» → «Humour Novelists bring the funny with every page. Their humour books are constantly on the hit or best-seller lists.»
«Your Sim is sure that the next game of pool will be the one they win. Or perhaps the next one. Or maybe the one after that. No matter how long it takes, your Sim wants to win a game of pool!» → «Your Sim is sure that the next game of snooker will be the one they win. Or perhaps the next one. Or maybe the one after that. No matter how long it takes, your Sim wants to win a match of snooker!»
«Missing your friends from other timelines or distant worlds? Laser Emitted Illusory Anthroprojection technology allows Plumbots to render holographic Sims in incredibly lifelike detail. \n\n• Projects your choice of Sims from other timelines or distant worlds. \n• Socialize and have fun with your best inter-dimensional buddies!» → «Missing your friends from other timelines or distant worlds? Laser Emitted Illusory Anthroprojection technology allows Plumbots to render holographic Sims in incredibly lifelike detail. \n\n• Projects your choice of Sims from other timelines or distant worlds. \n• Socialise and have fun with your best inter-dimensional buddies!»
«{0.SimName} is not recovering well, but {1.SimName} found out early enough to provide help.  Good work!» → «{0.SimName} is not recovering well, but {1.SimName} found out early enough to provide help. Good work!»
«Forget those multi-level modern monstrosities. This modern style house will really make you feel modern… 1960’s modern that is! Step outside and be surrounded by an expansive back yard. Step inside and enjoy the view of the backyard through the wall of large windows that let in plenty of natural light.  The carpeting may be out of date, but this house will always be in style!» → «Forget those multi-level modern monstrosities. This modern style house will really make you feel modern… 1960’s modern that is! Step outside and be surrounded by an expansive back yard. Step inside and enjoy the view of the backyard through the wall of large windows that let in plenty of natural light. The carpeting may be out of date, but this house will always be in style!»
«Wabaam! The highly anticipated Cleanesque Brand dryer sheets are here! Throw one in your next dryer load and watch as it obliterates static from your favorite static infused clothes.» → «Wabaam! The highly anticipated Cleanesque Brand dryer sheets are here! Throw one in your next dryer load and watch as it obliterates static from your favourite static infused clothes.»
«Maybe it was better that this place didn't have room service. I can use to lose a few pounds.» → «Maybe it was better that this place didn't have room service. I can use to lose a few kilograms.»
«Being one of the most handy and resourceful Sims in town will get {0.SimFirstName} far. In addition to a ship-shape home, having survived this long is something he should be proud of. To honor {0.SimFirstName}, the Builder Society has put in a good word so that he gets a discount whenever he buys new furniture for his home!\n\nCheck the handiness journal for Skill Challenges to refine {0.SimFirstName}’s handiness skills further!» → «Being one of the most handy and resourceful Sims in town will get {0.SimFirstName} far. In addition to a ship-shape home, having survived this long is something he should be proud of. To honour {0.SimFirstName}, the Builder Society has put in a good word so that he gets a discount whenever he buys new furniture for his home!\n\nCheck the handiness journal for Skill Challenges to refine {0.SimFirstName}’s handiness skills further!»
«Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with an "A" in Physical Education, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 4 of the Professional Sports career and earn the highest possible starting salary. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload Resume now.» → «Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with an "A" in Physical Education, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 4 of the Professional Sports career and earn the highest possible starting salary. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload CV now.»
«Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with a "B" in Physical Education, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 3 of the Professional Sports career and earn a much higher salary than if {MA.he}{FA.she} didn't have the degree. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload Resume now.» → «Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with a "B" in Physical Education, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 3 of the Professional Sports career and earn a much higher salary than if {MA.he}{FA.she} didn't have the degree. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload CV now.»
«Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with a "C" in Physical Education, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 2 of the Professional Sports career and earn significantly more money than if {MA.he}{FA.she} didn't have the degree. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload Resume now.» → «Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with a "C" in Physical Education, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 2 of the Professional Sports career and earn significantly more money than if {MA.he}{FA.she} didn't have the degree. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload CV now.»
«Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with a "D" in Physical Education, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 1 of the Professional Sports career and earn slightly more money than if {MA.he}{FA.she} didn't have the degree. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload Resume now.» → «Now that {0.SimName} has Graduated with a "D" in Physical Education, {0.SimFirstName} will receive job offers at level 1 of the Professional Sports career and earn slightly more money than if {MA.he}{FA.she} didn't have the degree. To see the available job offers for {0.SimFirstName}, Upload CV now.»
«I felt awful a day or so after eating at the diner last week. Their special sauce is literally killer.» → «I felt awful a day or so after eating at the eatery last week. Their special sauce is literally killer.»
«Attend Game With Group ({0.Money})» → «Attend Match With Group ({0.Money})»
«Favorite Aspect: None» → «Favourite Aspect: None»
«Back in the day, cowboys were better known for their grit, rather than their capacity for kitchen organization. But heavens to Betsy, the modern cowboy knows his way around the kitchen now! Use these cowboy inspired furnishings to help you organize your kitchen the cowboy way.» → «Back in the day, cowboys were better known for their grit, rather than their capacity for kitchen organization. But heavens to Betsy, the modern cowboy knows his way around the kitchen now! Use these cowboy inspired furnishings to help you organise your kitchen the cowboy way.»
«Dominoes may just be {2.SimFirstName}'s favorite game. The strategies involved with a full table of players are something to remember!» → «Dominoes may just be {2.SimFirstName}'s favourite game. The strategies involved with a full table of players are something to remember!»
«This glamorous country dresser is the perfect finishing piece for your dream ranch bedroom. For the cowboy or cowgirl with an eye to accessorize, you'll find ample room for outfits to match any occasion. No matter if it's an impromptu hoedown or just a playful roll in the hay, with the Hot to Trot dresser you'll always be good to go!» → «This glamorous country dresser is the perfect finishing piece for your dream ranch bedroom. For the cowboy or cowgirl with an eye to accessorise, you'll find ample room for outfits to match any occasion. No matter if it's an impromptu hoedown or just a playful roll in the hay, with the Hot to Trot dresser you'll always be good to go!»
«{0.SimName} got a souvenir from {MA.his}{FA.her} field trip to the Theatre!» → «{0.SimName} got a souvenir from {MA.his}{FA.her} field trip to the Cinema!»
«Getting to be the lead of a news program is a spot in the starlight that few Sims will achieve!» → «Getting to be the lead of a news programme is a spot in the starlight that few Sims will achieve!»
«Do you ever crave those rich (and sometimes questionable) tastes and flavors that public grilles impart to your food? Now you can enjoy them in the comfort of your very own backyard! Bring home the bold and risky flavors of a fresh-from-the-public-park Park n’ Grille today!» → «Do you ever crave those rich (and sometimes questionable) tastes and flavours that public barbecues impart to your food? Now you can enjoy them in the comfort of your very own backyard! Bring home the bold and risky flavours of a fresh-from-the-public-park Park n’ Grille today!»
«Why spend energy walking when you can just teleport?  Your Unicorn wants to Teleport somewhere.» → «Why spend energy walking when you can just teleport? Your Unicorn wants to Teleport somewhere.»
«Highest Honor» → «Highest Honour»
«Honor» → «Honour»
«Wagner’s Repose - 3br, 3ba» → «Mozart's Repose - 3br, 3ba»
«Get on the Honor Roll» → «Get on the Honour Roll»
«Stop the presses! {0.SimFirstName} just finished writing {2.String}, a {1.Number} page exposé  that will leave readers reeling. The field of journalism never saw it coming!» → «Stop the presses! {0.SimFirstName} just finished writing {2.String}, a {1.Number} page exposé that will leave readers reeling. The field of journalism never saw it coming!»
«Visit Administration Center» → «Visit Administration Centre»
«Enjoy your new sonorific object!  Too bad you can't control when it is going to make noise.» → «Enjoy your new sonorific object! Too bad you can't control when it is going to make noise.»
«Match Other Colors» → «Match Other Colours»
«Bought Something from the Consignment Store» → «Bought Something from the Thrift Shop»
«Nickering is just a horse's way of telling you it cares!  Your Horse wants to Nicker at a Sim!» → «Nickering is just a horse's way of telling you it cares! Your Horse wants to Nicker at a Sim!»
«Just out of school, Justin more than knows his way around the hi-tech electronic boards of electrical circuits. He's hoping that with his computer know-how and  Inventing skills, he'll never have to work another day in his life.» → «Just out of school, Justin more than knows his way around the hi-tech electronic boards of electrical circuits. He's hoping that with his computer know-how and Inventing skills, he'll never have to work another day in his life.»
«Some fine Crepes» → «Some fine Crêpes»
«The epicureans at Good Eats Furniture have taken the silly idea of edible tables literally. Although Table-Licious is made from the freshest and most flavorful ingredients, don’t try to eat it. You don’t really know where it’s been.» → «The epicureans at Good Eats Furniture have taken the silly idea of edible tables literally. Although Table-Licious is made from the freshest and most flavourful ingredients, don’t try to eat it. You don’t really know where it’s been.»
«The entire town is abuzz with worries and concerns over the food. The bistro, diner, supermarket -- all of them seem to be dishing out bad produce. I should eat at the bistro myself to see what I can find out.» → «The entire town is abuzz with worries and concerns over the food. The bistro, eatery, supermarket — all of them seem to be dishing out bad produce. I should eat at the bistro myself to see what I can find out.»
«{0.SimFirstName} had always thought the anesthesiologist's job was pretty easy but, wow, there are a lot of knobs and dials on that cart!  Unfortunately, while standing in for the resident anesthesiologist, {0.SimFirstName} left the gas on and not only knocked himself out, but also a surgery team trying to prep the OR. How embarrassing!» → «{0.SimFirstName} had always thought the anesthesiologist's job was pretty easy but, wow, there are a lot of knobs and dials on that cart! Unfortunately, while standing in for the resident anesthesiologist, {0.SimFirstName} left the gas on and not only knocked himself out, but also a surgery team trying to prep the OR. How embarrassing!»
«Tattoo Colors» → «Tattoo Colours»
«Decorating and designing is hard, but rewarding work! Take heart, {0.SimFirstName}, for your accomplishments have not gone unnoticed! In honor of successfully completing {3.Number} jobs the town of {TownName} would like to reward you with the {1.String}. Please stop by City Hall to receive your award.» → «Decorating and designing is hard, but rewarding work! Take heart, {0.SimFirstName}, for your accomplishments have not gone unnoticed! In honour of successfully completing {3.Number} jobs the town of {TownName} would like to reward you with the {1.String}. Please stop by City Hall to receive your award.»
«The bite was painful but fortunately, non-toxic. The nerve of that snake charmer to laugh and keep right on playing that hypnotizing flute!» → «The bite was painful but fortunately, non-toxic. The nerve of that snake charmer to laugh and keep right on playing that hypnotising flute!»
«Fish must be in a bowl or tank to analyze.» → «Fish must be in a bowl or tank to analyse.»
«Explore the Crashed Ship and report back to the Time Traveler.» → «Explore the Crashed Ship and report back to the Time Traveller.»
«There's nothing going on around the theatre -- perhaps I'm not being subtle enough? I bet these stalkers were clumsy enough to leave behind evidence at the park, which is the site of {OpSource}'s last show. I should snoop for clues in the park.» → «There's nothing going on around the theatre — perhaps I'm not being subtle enough? I bet these stalkers were clumsy enough to leave behind evidence at the park, which is the site of {OpSource}'s last show. I should snoop for clues in the park.»
«The ghost of a previous gang leader has materialized and is trying to steal valuables!» → «The ghost of a previous gang leader has materialised and is trying to steal valuables!»
«Visit the {OpTarget} and Sort Mail» → «Visit the {OpTarget} and Sort Post»
«{2.SimName} has graduated with honors! {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember the pride {MA.he}{FA.she} felt during the ceremony.» → «{2.SimName} has graduated with honours! {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember the pride {MA.he}{FA.she} felt during the ceremony.»
«The Bent Color Spectrum is one of the most spectacular natural light shows known to Sims. Some call it a 'rainbow' but we think 'bent color spectrum' is a more accurate description. Enjoy this three dimensional wall hanging representing this fascinating facet of nature.» → «The Bent Colour Spectrum is one of the most spectacular natural light shows known to Sims. Some call it a 'rainbow' but we think 'bent colour spectrum' is a more accurate description. Enjoy this three dimensional wall hanging representing this fascinating facet of nature.»
«Stu Surprise is an icky dish that contains so many flavors that it becomes palateable. Your Sim wants to eat Stu Surprise made with Flame Fruit and Vampire Fish.» → «Stu Surprise is an icky dish that contains so many flavours that it becomes palateable. Your Sim wants to eat Stu Surprise made with Flame Fruit and Vampire Fish.»
«The games these days are so lame. Things were much better years ago, when screens could only show two colors. Show off your Sim’s gaming experience to these credulous noobs!» → «The games these days are so lame. Things were much better years ago, when screens could only show two colours. Show off your Sim’s gaming experience to these credulous noobs!»
«On your mark, get set… Go! The Dashing Training Post is a great way to condition your horse for those Racing and Cross-Country competitions. Horses specifically trained with these posts have been rumored to becoming faster than a speeding bullet! Ok, well maybe not that fast, but close enough!» → «On your mark, get set… Go! The Dashing Training Post is a great way to condition your horse for those Racing and Cross-Country competitions. Horses specifically trained with these posts have been rumored to become faster than a speeding bullet! Ok, well maybe not that fast, but close enough!»
«A baseball?  Really?  {2.String} is paying for someone to retrieve a baseball? Well, it would be best to find it and bring it back.» → «A baseball? Really? {2.String} is paying for someone to retrieve a baseball? Well, it would be best to find it and bring it back.»
«The grand fireplace takes center stage in the spacious two-story great room. Three decks in the front and back of this simple mountain lodge offer plenty of opportunity for taking in the crisp alpine air.» → «The grand fireplace takes centre stage in the spacious two-story great room. Three decks in the front and back of this simple mountain lodge offer plenty of opportunity for taking in the crisp alpine air.»
«Consignment Specialist» → «Thrift Shop Specialist»
«The Balistrieri Institute for the Recognition of Charismatic Skills\nhereby recognizes\n{0.SimName}\nas having exceptional personability and notable skills in the area of\n charisma.\n\nAwarded: {DateAndTime}, Witnessing Officer: E M Balistrieri» → «The Balistrieri Institute for the Recognition of Charismatic Skills\nhereby recognises\n{0.SimName}\nas having exceptional personability and notable skills in the area of\n charisma.\n\nAwarded: {DateAndTime}, Witnessing Officer: E M Balistrieri»
«Built in another dimension by the mysterious Time Traveler, this artifact allows transit between the Present and the Future. Events in the former may profoundly impact the latter.» → «Built in another dimension by the mysterious Time Traveller, this artifact allows transit between the Present and the Future. Events in the former may profoundly impact the latter.»
«{OpOwner} saw a lot of new faces and met quite a few to boot!  They had an Awesome Party and hopefully some of these new faces will become solid friends in the future!» → «{OpOwner} saw a lot of new faces and met quite a few to boot! They had an Awesome Party and hopefully some of these new faces will become solid friends in the future!»
«Fistpump! Clearly your classmates recognize greatness when they see it.» → «Fistpump! Clearly your classmates recognise greatness when they see it.»
«This is the legendary Blessed Sarcophagus of the Kings!  Ancient tales speak of mystical powers contained within!» → «This is the legendary Blessed Sarcophagus of the Kings! Ancient tales speak of mystical powers contained within!»
«Don't forget that floor switches can be made invisible -- don't be surprised if they appear…or disappear, right before your Sim's eyes!» → «Don't forget that floor switches can be made invisible — don't be surprised if they appear…or disappear, right before your Sim's eyes!»
«{0.SimFirstName} has collected all of the Scrap in this pile.  That's {1.Number} units of Scrap!» → «{0.SimFirstName} has collected all of the Scrap in this pile. That's {1.Number} units of Scrap!»
«Some Sims appreciate a little blue humor, and your Sim is no exception.» → «Some Sims appreciate a little blue humour, and your Sim is no exception.»
«I didn't find anything incriminating in {OpSource}'s mailbox or garbage. Squeaky clean if you ask me. I'll just have to report back to {OpTarget} and explain that if it's blackmail that's desired, it won't be found here.» → «I didn't find anything incriminating in {OpSource}'s post box or garbage. Squeaky clean if you ask me. I'll just have to report back to {OpTarget} and explain that if it's blackmail that's desired, it won't be found here.»
«Tour Theatre With Group» → «Tour Cinema With Group»
«A cleaner trashcan for your town.» → «A cleaner waste bin for your town.»
«• Socialize with prominent Rebels.» → «• Socialise with prominent Rebels.»
«The restaurant wants to expand with new ingredients, maybe come up with the next big food hit.  {1.SimFirstName} should go out and bring some new high quality ingredients back to help try them out.  Bring back {9.Number} Outstanding Plums to get a raise, performance boost, and some spending cash.» → «The restaurant wants to expand with new ingredients, maybe come up with the next big food hit. {1.SimFirstName} should go out and bring some new high quality ingredients back to help try them out. Bring back {9.Number} Outstanding Plums to get a raise, performance boost, and some spending cash.»
«Win 3 games of Pool» → «Win 3 games of Snooker»
«Anyone can hold a conversation, but talking on the phone while thinking of your next text to send? That takes a college education. Your Sim wants a few Communications Degree credits.» → «Anyone can hold a conversation, but talking on the phone while thinking of your next text to send? That takes a university education. Your Sim wants a few Communications Degree credits.»
«Yes!  Bust my ghosts!» → «Yes! Bust my ghosts!»
«The mysterious goop dripping from colorful flowers has amazing properties. Your Sim wants to collect a large amount for their own chromatic needs!» → «The mysterious goop dripping from colourful flowers has amazing properties. Your Sim wants to collect a large amount for their own chromatic needs!»
«Lettuce is an excellent vegetable for those who prefer crispness over flavor.» → «Lettuce is an excellent vegetable for those who prefer crispness over flavour.»
«Any time is tee time with the Slice of Life portable golf driving range. Have a ball – or a whole bucket! – as you tee off into the ocean, woods or the side of your annoying neighbor’s house. Fore!» → «Any time is tee time with the Slice of Life portable golf driving range. Have a ball – or a whole bucket! – as you tee off into the ocean, woods or the side of your annoying neighbour’s house. Fore!»
« Bring a Relic worth at least 750 Simoleons to work with you.» → «Bring a Relic worth at least 750 Simoleons to work with you.»
«A local dive bar, {OpSourceVenue}, has experienced a small surge in popularity due to Sim Magazine giving it the "Cleanest Bathrooms (Dive Bar Category)" award. {OpTarget} has asked {OpOwner} to help serve the slight increase in clientele. There will be compensation of course.» → «A local corner pub, {OpSourceVenue}, has experienced a small surge in popularity due to Sim Magazine giving it the "Cleanest Bathrooms (Corner Pub Category)" award. {OpTarget} has asked {OpOwner} to help serve the slight increase in clientele. There will be compensation of course.»
«It’s one thing to play the Laser Rhythm-a-con well; you have the talent to play very well. It’s time for a stage befitting your potential: the local Theater!» → «It’s one thing to play the Laser Rhythm-a-con well; you have the talent to play very well. It’s time for a stage befitting your potential: the local Cinema!»
«While a little unpleasant, {0.SimFirstName} has probably saved the Hospital from several infection cases and improved the quality of life for a few underworld figures.  Its not high profile, but saving lives often isn't.» → «While a little unpleasant, {0.SimFirstName} has probably saved the Hospital from several infection cases and improved the quality of life for a few underworld figures. Its not high profile, but saving lives often isn't.»
«Cozy and compact is the perfect way to describe this newer home that is ready to go. A garage, paired with large decks and large windows, means this house is just waiting for the right occupant and their pets, be they beast or fowl.» → «Cosy and compact is the perfect way to describe this newer home that is ready to go. A garage, paired with large decks and large windows, means this house is just waiting for the right occupant and their pets, be they beast or fowl.»
«It was a wild night! They laughed, they cried, they threw that {0.String} on stage! Your Sim might have picked it up--check your inventory!» → «It was a wild night! They laughed, they cried, they threw that {0.String} on stage! Your Sim might have picked it up—check your inventory!»
«Wall with High Panels and Thin Molding» → «Wall with High Panels and Thin Moulding»
«Meet the U83R El33t D00Dz! (zzz.U3DZ.sim) Justin "Smack Pod" Kayes' highly creative play has made him the most popular TarzWar player in history. Wei "Warz Lordz" Keane's sinister trapping style of play and curious outbursts make him a crowd favorite at every TWCon e-tour match-up. Then there's Lang "BlizzEgo" Gyydd. Statistically, he's the best player in history with excellent macroage and the official coach of the Clan -=U3DZ=-. KAFTW guyz!!!» → «Meet the U83R El33t D00Dz! (zzz.U3DZ.sim) Justin "Smack Pod" Kayes' highly creative play has made him the most popular TarzWar player in history. Wei "Warz Lordz" Keane's sinister trapping style of play and curious outbursts make him a crowd favorite at every TWCon e-tour match-up. Then there's Lang "BlizzEgo" Gwydd. Statistically, he's the best player in history with excellent macroage and the official coach of the Clan -=U3DZ=-. KAFTW guyz!!!»
«{2.SimName} just cooked the favorite meal of {1.SimName}. {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember the look of delight on {1.SimFirstName}'s face when {MB.he}{FB.she} sat down to the meal.» → «{2.SimName} just cooked the favourite meal of {1.SimName}. {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember the look of delight on {1.SimFirstName}'s face when {MB.he}{FB.she} sat down to the meal.»
«Gracie is a total sweetheart. Patriotic to a fault, she takes time away from her job at Wolfson's Research Facility to teach science classes at Crestview School, always dedicating herself to each child to ensure they succeed. However when she escapes from work, is there more to this lady than meets the eye? A wild side just beneath the surface is waiting to be unlocked by the right man in her life!» → «Gracie is a total sweetheart. Patriotic to a fault, she takes time away from her job at Wolfson's Research Facility to teach science classes at Crestview School, always dedicating herself to each child to ensure they succeed. However when she escapes from work, is there more to this lady than meets the eye? A wild side just beneath the surface is waiting to be unlocked by the right lad in her life!»
«(From Food Truck)» → «(From Food Van)»
«Marigold only recently realized that she’s descended from a family of powerful fairies. She was raised by her late grandmother and recently inherited the family home, where she lives alone. Strange things seem to happen wherever she goes. Is she a magnet for supernatural events or is she just crazy?» → «Marigold only recently realised that she’s descended from a family of powerful fairies. She was raised by her late grandmother and recently inherited the family home, where she lives alone. Strange things seem to happen wherever she goes. Is she a magnet for supernatural events or is she just crazy?»
«Forensic analysts love evidence gathering and lab coats. Your Sim thinks this may be the right path and should look forward to making the choice after being promoted past Lieutenant.» → «Forensic analysts love evidence gathering and lab coats. Your Sim thinks this may be the right path and should look forward to making the choice after being promoted past Chief Inspector.»
«This was a much awaited career milestone after spending one too many hours digging in trash cans and spying through windows.» → «This was a much awaited career milestone after spending one too many hours digging in waste bins and spying through windows.»
«I totally needed a new computer.  Thanks!» → «I totally needed a new computer. Thanks!»
«Have your Sim visit the Grocery Store» → «Have your Sim visit the Supermarket»
«Because she's an athlete, {0.SimFirstName} got into the game for free!» → «Because she's an athlete, {0.SimFirstName} got into the match for free!»
«Your Sim wants to build strong muscles -- time to hit the weights! Of course, change won't come overnight.» → «Your Sim wants to build strong muscles — time to hit the weights! Of course, change won't come overnight.»
«{OpOwner}'s entry stole the show!  All of the judges were amazed at the pet's looks and attitude, or maybe it was luck!  Who knows but {OpOwner} has won the grand prize!» → «{OpOwner}'s entry stole the show! All of the judges were amazed at the pet's looks and attitude, or maybe it was luck! Who knows but {OpOwner} has won the grand prize!»
«"Inspect Mail" on {OpTarget}'s mail box for clues» → «"Inspect Post" on {OpTarget}'s post box for clues»
«Ask Everyone to go back to Home Neighborhood.» → «Ask Everyone to go back to Home Neighbourhood.»
«A little sleep helps you remember.  A lot of sleep causes you to…» → «A little sleep helps you remember. A lot of sleep causes you to…»
«Sometimes Sims will leave your neighborhood for no reason at all. Deal with it.» → «Sometimes Sims will leave your neighbourhood for no reason at all. Deal with it.»
«This fortune is not legal for use as toilet paper.  Don’t even think about it.» → «This fortune is not legal for use as toilet paper. Don’t even think about it.»
«Avoid Lamb and Tuna Fish sandwich at Hogan’s Deep Fried Diner.» → «Avoid Lamb and Tuna Fish sandwich at Hogan’s Fritter Eatery.»
«You can’t please everyone, but cookies help.» → «You can’t please everyone, but biscuits help.»
«Come back later… I am sleeping. (Yes cookies need their sleep too.)» → «Come back later… I am sleeping. (Yes biscuits need their sleep too.)»
«Climbing the mountain can lead to enlightenment or exhaustion.  Either way, you still have to go back down.  Sucker.» → «Climbing the mountain can lead to enlightenment or exhaustion. Either way, you still have to go back down. Sucker.»
«The community event went great, especially due to the help of {0.SimName}!  They've gone home after attending an Awesome Party and all calling {0.SimName} a Socialite.» → «The community event went great, especially due to the help of {0.SimName}! They've gone home after attending an Awesome Party and all calling {0.SimName} a Socialite.»
«Set Color...» → «Set Colour...»
«Clean Town Trashcan» → «Clean Town Waste Bin»
«The honor roll is a big deal for parents that want to see their children succeed in life. Your Sim hopes to see a child get on the honor roll. Children that focus on homework and work hard in school tend to end up on the coveted honor roll.» → «The honour roll is a big deal for parents that want to see their children succeed in life. Your Sim hopes to see a child get on the honour roll. Children that focus on homework and work hard in school tend to end up on the coveted honour roll.»
«The contact was very forthcoming with the information, with graphic descriptions such as bellow like a bull and breathe through one nostril like the whale.  Hopefully this is the information that was wanted.» → «The contact was very forthcoming with the information, with graphic descriptions such as bellow like a bull and breathe through one nostril like the whale. Hopefully this is the information that was wanted.»
«Your favorite little baker will love the toy oven from Rip Co. Goodies come out hot and tasty every time. Comes with a variety of plastic bakeware in sizes from cupcake to mega muffin.» → «Your favourite little baker will love the toy oven from Rip Co. Goodies come out hot and tasty every time. Comes with a variety of plastic bakeware in sizes from cupcake to mega muffin.»
«Looking for a job that is challenging, interesting, and well respected? If putting out fires, rescuing Sims, and aiding the neighborhood during times of emergency stirs a passion deep inside you, then start saving lives by starting down the heroic career path of a Firefighter today!» → «Looking for a job that is challenging, interesting, and well respected? If putting out fires, rescuing Sims, and aiding the neighbourhood during times of emergency stirs a passion deep inside you, then start saving lives by starting down the heroic career path of a Firefighter today!»
«Who doesn’t like being the center of attention by pulling off the Keg Stand? Your Sim has a mighty thirst, and it can only be quenched upside-down!» → «Who doesn’t like being the centre of attention by pulling off the Keg Stand? Your Sim has a mighty thirst, and it can only be quenched upside-down!»
«Exciting new recipes can be learned from a multitude of sources... you neighbors for one! Your Sim wants to ask a neighbor for a recipe to see what they have to offer.» → «Exciting new recipes can be learned from a multitude of sources... you neighbours for one! Your Sim wants to ask a neighbour for a recipe to see what they have to offer.»
«The snow cone – one of the finest examples of a product being more than the sum of its parts. Sure, it might just start as crushed ice with a couple squirts of syrup in it, but when it’s handed to you in that cup it is pure summer magic. Whether you called it a snow cone, snow ball, shaved ice, or any other name, it all meant the same thing: a rainbow of possible colors and flavors in one special treat. This machine is attached to a cart to help spread the joy.» → «The sorbet – one of the finest examples of a product being more than the sum of its parts. Sure, it might just start as crushed ice with a couple squirts of syrup in it, but when it’s handed to you in that cup it is pure summer magic. Whether you called it a slush, snow cone, snow ball, shaved ice, or any other name, it all meant the same thing: a rainbow of possible colours and flavours in one special treat. This machine is attached to a cart to help spread the joy.»
«Your Sim wants to honor the beautiful, glowing orb in the night sky – the soft light that brings The Change. Have your Sim lean back and hoowwwwwllll up at the moon.» → «Your Sim wants to honour the beautiful, glowing orb in the night sky – the soft light that brings The Change. Have your Sim lean back and hoowwwwwllll up at the moon.»
«Construction catalog» → «Construction catalogue»
«I have to go now. See you later!  Be safe!» → «I have to go now. See you later! Be safe!»
«In honor of solving {3.Number} cases the Mayor of {TownName} would like to reward you with the {1.String}. Please stop by City Hall to receive your award.» → «In honour of solving {3.Number} cases the Mayor of {TownName} would like to reward you with the {1.String}. Please stop by City Hall to receive your award.»
«{0.SimFirstName} has built quite the reputation for selling quality items at the consignment store and will now have a higher chance of selling future goods.» → «{0.SimFirstName} has built quite the reputation for selling quality items at the thrift shop and will now have a higher chance of selling future goods.»
«Sims can learn the inventing skill by reading an inventing skill book, taking a class at the science facility, or purchasing an inventing workbench in Buy Mode.  While learning inventing, your Sim will also increase their handiness skill.» → «Sims can learn the inventing skill by reading an inventing skill book, taking a class at the science facility, or purchasing an inventing workbench in Buy Mode. While learning inventing, your Sim will also increase their handiness skill.»
«Inventors require Scrap to create and discover new inventions.  Purchasing Scrap from the workbench is the easiest but most expensive way.  It is far more rewarding to search the local junkyard for it.   With a higher level of inventing skill, you have the option of Detonating various objects for Scrap.» → «Inventors require Scrap to create and discover new inventions. Purchasing Scrap from the workbench is the easiest but most expensive way. It is far more rewarding to search the local scrapyard for it. With a higher level of inventing skill, you have the option of Detonating various objects for Scrap.»
«Inventors can also make a handy profit by selling inventions at the local consignment store in town.» → «Inventors can also make a handy profit by selling inventions at the local thrift shop in town.»
«In ancient lore of Simlandonia, Llama ranchers believed a mystical stallion would lead them in the direction of fertile grazing lands. Symbolized in this weathervane, today’s Llama ranchers can look to the wind to tell them where the herd should graze.» → «In ancient lore of Simlandonia, Llama ranchers believed a mystical stallion would lead them in the direction of fertile grazing lands. Symbolised in this weathervane, today’s Llama ranchers can look to the wind to tell them where the herd should graze.»
«Not realizing how easy it is to kick off the zombie apocalypse, {0.SimName} tossed a bottle of Zombification directly at {1.SimName}. Deliberately.» → «Not realising how easy it is to kick off the zombie apocalypse, {0.SimName} tossed a bottle of Zombification directly at {1.SimName}. Deliberately.»
«When you drag a pattern, individual color, or combination of colors from one object onto a different object, the Transfer Dialogue will appear. From here, you can choose which pattern on the new item to affect. Transferring a pattern will overwrite the old pattern, while colors will retain the pattern and only change its color information.» → «When you drag a pattern, individual colour, or combination of colours from one object onto a different object, the Transfer Dialogue will appear. From here, you can choose which pattern on the new item to affect. Transferring a pattern will overwrite the old pattern, while colours will retain the pattern and only change its colour information.»
«Each pattern has up to four colors, and each can be individually changed. The colors are ordered such that the ones on the left affect a larger area and the ones on the right affect a smaller area. You can also select the larger swatch on the left and select a color to change all colors at the same time.» → «Each pattern has up to four colours, and each can be individually changed. The colours are ordered such that the ones on the left affect a larger area and the ones on the right affect a smaller area. You can also select the larger swatch on the left and select a colour to change all colours at the same time.»
«Individual colors, as well as the swatch representing combinations of colors, can be dragged in the same way. This is a great way to quickly get matching styles that use different patterns.» → «Individual colours, as well as the swatch representing combinations of colours, can be dragged in the same way. This is a great way to quickly get matching styles that use different patterns.»
«You can sell items like gems, crafted items, and more at the consignment store to earn a profit from them.\\n\\nWould you like to learn more?» → «You can sell items like gems, crafted items, and more at the thrift shop to earn a profit from them.\\n\\nWould you like to learn more?»
«A huge, light colored boulder for your lot.» → «A huge, light coloured boulder for your lot.»
«A classic example of form over function, the Suite Dreams table combines retro-shaped Bakelite components with translucent crystallized quartz to make a true piece of “sittable” art. Pairs well with Suite Dream retro chairs, or makes a stylish base for a wide variety of pretentious installations.» → «A classic example of form over function, the Suite Dreams table combines retro-shaped Bakelite components with translucent crystallised quartz to make a true piece of “sittable” art. Pairs well with Suite Dream retro chairs, or makes a stylish base for a wide variety of pretentious installations.»
«• Your Sim’s mood will  benefit by staying up late.» → «• Your Sim’s mood will benefit by staying up late.»
«Eggplant Infused Soy Caramel Macchiato» → «Aubergine Infused Soy Caramel Macchiato»
«Soy Caramel Latte with Whipped Cream Flavored Sprinkles» → «Soy Caramel Latte with Whipped Cream flavoured Sprinkles»
«Sell {0.Number} items at the consignment store.» → «Sell {0.Number} items at the thrift shop.»
«Foreign locations have markets for Sims to socialize and purchase wares from local merchants. The General Store is a great place to purchase survival gear such as dried food or the ever-useful Shower in a Can.» → «Foreign locations have markets for Sims to socialise and purchase wares from local merchants. The General Store is a great place to purchase survival gear such as dried food or the ever-useful Shower in a Can.»
«Greenhouse Roof Center» → «Greenhouse Roof Centre»
«{0.SimFirstName} is such a good cook.  That kitchen is perfect!» → «{0.SimFirstName} is such a good cook. That kitchen is perfect!»
«Cherry snow cones just make life seem friendlier! {0.SimFirstName} is feeling a little more charismatic after enjoying that tasty treat.» → «Cherry sorbets just make life seem friendlier! {0.SimFirstName} is feeling a little more charismatic after enjoying that tasty treat.»
«Veggi Rolls» → «Vegetable Sushi»
«Once Sims realized they needed fewer bathroom trips after consuming, the Cortado Bean skyrocketed in popularity.» → «Once Sims realised they needed fewer bathroom trips after consuming, the Cortado Bean skyrocketed in popularity.»
«This Certificate of Partnership grants the holder an extra duration of time in country when traveling to China.» → «This Certificate of Partnership grants the holder an extra duration of time in country when travelling to China.»
«Baseballs and footballs are tools of The Man, man. Subvert existing power structures by playing catch with a gnarly friend. Made from organic Amazonian plastic.» → «Baseballs and American footballs are tools of The Man, man. Subvert existing power structures by playing catch with a gnarly friend. Made from organic Amazonian plastic.»
«Getting a gig to perform on the Park stage will raise you above the other street entertainers – literally and figuratively. Time to become the center of attention!» → «Getting a gig to perform on the Park stage will raise you above the other street entertainers – literally and figuratively. Time to become the centre of attention!»
«Post-Game Interview» → «Post-Match Interview»
«Be Asked to go back to Home Neighborhood» → «Be Asked to go back to Home Neighbourhood»
«Embark on the envied life of a professional Photographer.  Travel far and wide to broaden your subject matter and improve your skill.   It's hard to relinquish each prized image, but selling them will bring you fortune and recognition.  Anyway, it’s a little narcissistic to display your own photos at home, don’t you think?» → «Embark on the envied life of a professional Photographer. Travel far and wide to broaden your subject matter and improve your skill. It's hard to relinquish each prized image, but selling them will bring you fortune and recognition. Anyway, it’s a little narcissistic to display your own photos at home, don’t you think?»
«A Celebrity friend is a gateway to a life of leisure, wild parties, and untold luxury. Those Celebrity connections are sure to make the neighbors jealous!» → «A Celebrity friend is a gateway to a life of leisure, wild parties, and untold luxury. Those Celebrity connections are sure to make the neighbours jealous!»
«If {0.SimFirstName} isn't allowed to cool down soon, the social worker will be forced to take away all of the daycare children and suspend the daycare.» → «If {0.SimFirstName} isn't allowed to cool down soon, the social worker will be forced to take away all of the nursery children and suspend the daycare.»
«Theatre goers around town are telling tales about the adventurous thespian that stopped the ticket teller that was selling tickets at high prices. Hurry to the theatre, interview the thespian and get the story! Heroic stories sell papers at a speedy rate, and the Editor will reward you with a job performance boost.» → «Cinema goers around town are telling tales about the adventurous thespian that stopped the ticket teller that was selling tickets at high prices. Hurry to the cinema, interview the thespian and get the story! Heroic stories sell papers at a speedy rate, and the Editor will reward you with a job performance boost.»
«A minor leaguer at the Stadium is raising a stink about the latest tryouts. The Editor smells a story and he wants you to get to the Stadium to interview this unhappy player. Find a story, and the Editor will find a way to boost your job performance.» → «A lower division player at the Stadium is raising a stink about the latest tryouts. The Editor smells a story and he wants you to get to the Stadium to interview this unhappy player. Find a story, and the Editor will find a way to boost your job performance.»
«Take your performance into the Fourth Dimension with this 2D stage scenery. Time will stand still for your audience as the mesmerizing collage of clocks, cogs and gears work their Steampunk magic.» → «Take your performance into the Fourth Dimension with this 2D stage scenery. Time will stand still for your audience as the mesmerising collage of clocks, cogs and gears work their Steampunk magic.»
«St. John Administration Center» → «St. John Administration Centre»
«I’m so bad at this. I just tried to reply to someone and I think I accidentally emailed them my resume. :(» → «I’m so bad at this. I just tried to reply to someone and I think I accidentally emailed them my CV. :(»
«The triumphal arch honors those who fought for France. The names of generals and wars fought are inscribed inside the arc. Your Sim wants to visit the Arc de Triomphe.» → «The triumphal arch honours those who fought for France. The names of generals and wars fought are inscribed inside the arc. Your Sim wants to visit the Arc de Triomphe.»
«The neighborhood enjoys quite a few good concerts from time to time. Your Sim really wants to see a concert at the theatre. Check the theatre on Fridays and Saturdays to see if there is a concert!» → «The neighbourhood enjoys quite a few good concerts from time to time. Your Sim really wants to see a concert at the cinema. Check the cinema on Fridays and Saturdays to see if there is a concert!»
«Chamomile Seed» → «Camomile Seed»
«Even though the other pets are scared of ghosts, your pet laughs in the face of terror!  Your Pet wants to Visit a Graveyard!» → «Even though the other pets are scared of ghosts, your pet laughs in the face of terror! Your Pet wants to Visit a Graveyard!»
«The {0.String} family can't afford the cost of the elevator.  A bill will be sent to their home» → «The {0.String} family can't afford the cost of the elevator. A bill will be sent to their home»
«Do you need a door-like object in your yard to separate the niños from the hombres? A favorite of gatecrashers and luchadors, the Mucho Macho Gate combines the best parts of columns, arches, lintels, bricks, hinges, wrought iron and paint, with a hint of lavender.» → «Do you need a door-like object in your yard to separate the niños from the hombres? A favourite of gatecrashers and luchadors, the Mucho Macho Gate combines the best parts of columns, arches, lintels, bricks, hinges, wrought iron and paint, with a hint of lavender.»
«Graffiti upsets the neighbors. A finished wall mural should have them cheering with admiration.» → «Graffiti upsets the neighbours. A finished wall mural should have them cheering with admiration.»
«3BR / 3 Bath - The perfect house to film a 1950’s sitcom in, this practical and spacious home is ideal for a nuclear family…or at  least a family of the nuclear age.» → «3BR / 3 Bath - The perfect house to film a 1950’s sitcom in, this practical and spacious home is ideal for a nuclear family…or at least a family of the nuclear age.»
«Dresser with Molding» → «Dresser with Moulding»
«Being blessed by a unicorn is quite an honor! Your Sim wants to be Blessed by a Unicorn!» → «Being blessed by a unicorn is quite an honour! Your Sim wants to be Blessed by a Unicorn!»
«A dual natured novelty item featuring both illumination and decoration, the Glowing Globule Emitter is filled with a wax-like substance that bubbles and blobs from the bottom to the top and back to the bottom in a fashion that will keep you mesmerized for hours.» → «A dual natured novelty item featuring both illumination and decoration, the Glowing Globule Emitter is filled with a wax-like substance that bubbles and blobs from the bottom to the top and back to the bottom in a fashion that will keep you mesmerised for hours.»
«Your Sim has always dreamed of riding through the world on horseback.  Your Sim wants to ride a horse.» → «Your Sim has always dreamt of riding through the world on horseback. Your Sim wants to ride a horse.»
«Visit Fraternity with Pack» → «Visit Men's College with Pack»
«Sleek and modern for those who want their garbage up-to-date, the Miragé Garbagé is exactly the trash receptacle you were seeking. Usher trash into the modern era with a unique concealment pocket and refined exterior shape. It's the hottest trashcan around!» → «Sleek and modern for those who want their garbage up-to-date, the Miragé Garbagé is exactly the trash receptacle you were seeking. Usher trash into the modern era with a unique concealment pocket and refined exterior shape. It's the hottest waste bin around!»
«{0.SimFirstName} was putting something in the oven when he was brought into a discussion by some other chefs. Unfortunately, {0.SimFirstName} left the oven open, and standing right next to it, he caught on fire!  Luckily he was extinguished by quick thinking and the saucier's garlic extract... ew...» → «{0.SimFirstName} was putting something in the oven when he was brought into a discussion by some other chefs. Unfortunately, {0.SimFirstName} left the oven open, and standing right next to it, he caught on fire! Luckily he was extinguished by quick thinking and the saucier's garlic extract... ew...»
«As a reward for {MA.his}{FA.her} efforts, {0.SimName} received a tantalizing little Elixir!» → «As a reward for {MA.his}{FA.her} efforts, {0.SimName} received a tantalising little Elixir!»
«Find {0.Number} unique metals, and your Sim will routinely get additional ingots returned in the mail.» → «Find {0.Number} unique metals, and your Sim will routinely get additional ingots returned in the post.»
«Ah…you missed the big game and a chance to sing in front of billions! (OK, maybe it was just millions.)» → «Ah…you missed the cup final and a chance to sing in front of billions! (OK, maybe it was just millions.)»
«The rumor has been floating around town that {0.SimName} has been WooHooing with an occult.» → «The rumour has been floating around town that {0.SimName} has been WooHooing with an occult.»
«Wolfson's is the region's leading facility for genetics research, preventative medicine, and zoological treatment. In an attempt to counter the financial pitfall from treating uninsured patients, the hospital opened the Nardone Memorial Division of Taxidermy, which swiftly proved to be a short lived and unpopular service.» → «Wolfson's is the region's leading facility for genetics research, preventative medicine, and zoological treatment. In an attempt to counter the financial pitfall from treating patients with very expensive medications, the hospital opened the Nardone Memorial Division of Taxidermy, which swiftly proved to be a short lived and unpopular service.»
«Curry Wurst» → «Curry Würst»
«The newspaper occasionally allows journalists to do some personal travel pieces. These are great opportunities to travel for work while indulging in some photography. Head to Egypt and take a picture of a pyramid for this feature article.» → «The newspaper occasionally allows journalists to do some personal travel pieces. These are great opportunities to travel for work while indulging in some photography. Head to Egypt and take a picture of a pyramid for this feature article.»
«Your neighbors seem friendly and have impeccable taste! Your Sim wants to ask them if it's okay to take the conversation inside their home!» → «Your neighbours seem friendly and have impeccable taste! Your Sim wants to ask them if it's okay to take the conversation inside their home!»
«Oh that is so sweet! I am honored that you named one of your amazing drinks after me. Thank you so much!» → «Oh that is so sweet! I am honoured that you named one of your amazing drinks after me. Thank you so much!»
«The Science Facility is interested in conducting some research on your Martial Arts skills for science. You’ll be given a power meter to carry in your inventory while training on the board-breaker.  Return the meter to the Lab after training to receive compensation.» → «The Science Facility is interested in conducting some research on your Martial Arts skills for science. You’ll be given a power meter to carry in your inventory while training on the board-breaker. Return the meter to the Lab after training to receive compensation.»
«{0.SimFirstName} discovered that the {1.String} is Ancient and is worth more than originally thought.  It is worth around {2.Money}.» → «{0.SimFirstName} discovered that the {1.String} is Ancient and is worth more than originally thought. It is worth around {2.Money}.»
«{1.SimFirstName} receives a phone call from {2.String}. “Thanks for sending in the information.  According to the data, the Tomb of the Desert Ocean is an underground oasis, a vast source of water for centuries. You must survive its depths to find the Relic of Life and return it to me. This is {2.String} signing out.”» → «{1.SimFirstName} receives a phone call from {2.String}. “Thanks for sending in the information. According to the data, the Tomb of the Desert Ocean is an underground oasis, a vast source of water for centuries. You must survive its depths to find the Relic of Life and return it to me. This is {2.String} signing out.”»
«Donating plasma sounded great until you realized needles were involved…» → «Donating plasma sounded great until you realised needles were involved…»
«Customize Baby DNA with...» → «Customise Baby DNA with...»
«You found this trash can waiting when you moved in. So did your neighbor, and everyone in the whole complex. Now try to find a trash bag this small.» → «You found this waste bin waiting when you moved in. So did your neighbour, and everyone in the whole complex. Now try to find a garbage bag this small.»
«Go to Community Living Center» → «Go to Community Living Centre»
«It may not be the favorite food of rodents, but it is a great flavor for Sims. Bon appetite!» → «It may not be the favourite food of rodents, but it is a great flavour for Sims. Bon appetite!»
«This will make anyone feel the need to have fun and socialize but struggle with both.» → «This will make anyone feel the need to have fun and socialise but struggle with both.»
«{0.SimFirstName}'s actions have pleased some of the inhabitants of this graveyard.  {0.SimFirstName} has been rewarded with {1.Money}.» → «{0.SimFirstName}'s actions have pleased some of the inhabitants of this graveyard. {0.SimFirstName} has been rewarded with {1.Money}.»
«****Football & Baseball» → «****American football & Baseball»
«Wow!  You've made some great discoveries!» → «Wow! You've made some great discoveries!»
«Don’t forget you can share your pet with friends and the community!  Simply load the launcher within the Demo, log into your game registered account, select your pet and upload.» → «Don’t forget you can share your pet with friends and the community! Simply load the launcher within the Demo, log into your game registered account, select your pet and upload.»
«So this is the Tomb of the Rock!  Well that's enough for the publicists.  {1.SimFirstName} can head back anytime he pleases without getting his expensive shoes too dirty.» → «So this is the Tomb of the Rock! Well that's enough for the publicists. {1.SimFirstName} can head back anytime he pleases without getting his expensive shoes too dirty.»
«“Hmmm, yes, Landgraab’s code is a bit tricky, but not too difficult. Unfortunately the old man lacked ingenuity. Perhaps his enthusiasm and vigilance sapped that part of his brain? Nevertheless, I have cracked the code.”» → «“Hmmm, yes, Landgraab’s code is a bit tricky, but not too difficult. Unfortunately the old lad lacked ingenuity. Perhaps his enthusiasm and vigilance sapped that part of his brain? Nevertheless, I have cracked the code.”»
«Ah, the memories!  This term of your college life has ended.  Take a break, sober up, and then come back for additional enlightenment.  Or debauchery, if you prefer. \n\nTo attend another term, you must re-enroll via your phone or computer.» → «Ah, the memories! This term of your university life has ended. Take a break, sober up, and then come back for additional enlightenment. Or debauchery, if you prefer. \n\nTo attend another term, you must re-enroll via your phone or computer.»
«Bills are delivered by the mail carrier in the morning. Sims have 3 days to pay their bills, regardless of whether or not a Sim actually takes bills out of the mailbox.» → «Bills are delivered by the post carrier in the morning. Sims have 3 days to pay their bills, regardless of whether or not a Sim actually takes bills out of the post box.»
«Sims can pay their bills by interacting with the mailbox or the bills themselves. Bill payment is considered complete when the Sim puts payment into the mailbox.» → «Sims can pay their bills by interacting with the post box or the bills themselves. Bill payment is considered complete when the Sim puts payment into the post box.»
«Bills are color coded to indicate when they are due. Bills will be white the first day, orange the second day, and red on the last day.» → «Bills are colour coded to indicate when they are due. Bills will be white the first day, orange the second day, and red on the last day.»
«It's always amazing to watch something as beautiful as colorful lights that blaze across the sky.» → «It's always amazing to watch something as beautiful as colourful lights that blaze across the sky.»
«As a playground monitor, you'll have to keep the kids in line in between classes. Your boss thinks  reading "How to Run Recess" will help you out. Read the book to get some job performance and the respect of your boss.» → «As a playground monitor, you'll have to keep the kids in line in between classes. Your boss thinks reading "How to Run Recess" will help you out. Read the book to get some job performance and the respect of your boss.»
«Nothing else rocks like a jammin’ jukebox! This vintage MegaVox music machine is packed full of your favorite 45’s and ready to pump out the tunes. No matter where you plug it in, an instant party is just a few button pushes away. Like they used to say: “Turn on the MegaVox and hold on to your sox!”» → «Nothing else rocks like a jammin’ jukebox! This vintage MegaVox music machine is packed full of your favourite 45’s and ready to pump out the tunes. No matter where you plug it in, an instant party is just a few button pushes away. Like they used to say: “Turn on the MegaVox and hold on to your sox!”»
«{2.SimName} has just put {1.SimName} up for Adoption. Even though they shared many memories both good and bad, {2.SimName} will always remember how special {1.SimName} was to the family.» → «{2.SimName} has just put {1.SimName} up for Adoption. Even though they shared many memories both good and bad, {2.SimName} will always remember how special {1.SimName} was to the family.»
«My Favorite Film has plenty of action, a little bit of romance, and features stunning filming locations!» → «My Favourite Film has plenty of action, a little bit of romance, and features stunning filming locations!»
«{2.SimName} has now pulled a total of {0.Number} pranks. {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember the day {MA.he}{FA.she} became the bane of the neighborhood!» → «{2.SimName} has now pulled a total of {0.Number} pranks. {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember the day {MA.he}{FA.she} became the bane of the neighbourhood!»
«Civic Center Park» → «Civic Centre Park»
«Very good.  Very good!  So you have circumvented my traps and found a haven amongst death!  Enjoy life while you have it, traveller.  I await below.  -- Dong Huo» → «Very good. Very good! So you have circumvented my traps and found a haven amongst death! Enjoy life while you have it, traveller. I await below. — Dong Huo»
«There's hungry, and then there's hungry like the wolf. "Like the wolf" in this case means "with little disregard to the food's age or quality."» → «There's hungry, and then there's hungry like the wolf. "Like the wolf" in this case means "with little regard to the food's age or quality."»
«Strength of this fertilizer.» → «Strength of this Fertiliser.»
«Built by the prosperous Maloney family, this once fashionable high rise has been eclipsed by newer more fashionable addresses. The Maloney’s themselves seem to have disappeared from society since suffering financial setbacks, but rumors persist of at least one still being a resident.» → «Built by the prosperous Maloney family, this once fashionable high rise has been eclipsed by newer more fashionable addresses. The Maloney’s themselves seem to have disappeared from society since suffering financial setbacks, but rumours persist of at least one still being a resident.»
«Try and break grandma's favorite half wall, we dare you. With an inner rebar core, this divider takes a lickin' and keeps on tickin'.» → «Try and break grandma's favourite half wall, we dare you. With an inner rebar core, this divider takes a lickin' and keeps on tickin'.»
«This is the School of Peace and Love. {0.SimFirstName} won our Most Colorful Aura award, and we're sharing the prize money of {2.Money} with the whole family. Stay groovy!» → «This is the School of Peace and Love. {0.SimFirstName} won our Most Colourful Aura award, and we're sharing the prize money of {2.Money} with the whole family. Stay groovy!»
«Kicky Bag is the world’s most intense game. So intense only the bravest choose to play. Recongizing the bravery required to play Kicky Bag, your professor is offering some extra credit for playing Kicky Bag.» → «Kicky Bag is the world’s most intense game. So intense only the bravest choose to play. Recognising the bravery required to play Kicky Bag, your professor is offering some extra credit for playing Kicky Bag.»
«When one gazes upon a {0.SimFirstName} piece, they see motion, beautifully stroked lines, and vivid colors unlike any piece before. A true artist, {0.SimFirstName} has mastered the impertinent brush, foiled the cruel machinations of a devious canvas, and stepped forward as the premier painter of the region!\n\nCheck the painting journal for Skill Challenges to refine {0.SimFirstName}’s painting skills further!» → «When one gazes upon a {0.SimFirstName} piece, they see motion, beautifully stroked lines, and vivid colours unlike any piece before. A true artist, {0.SimFirstName} has mastered the impertinent brush, foiled the cruel machinations of a devious canvas, and stepped forward as the premier painter of the region!\n\nCheck the painting journal for Skill Challenges to refine {0.SimFirstName}’s painting skills further!»
«Painstakingly crafted by an elderly man over the course of several long months, this dining chair is a quaint, if not unremarkable place to sit. Without a doubt a fine chair, unless you know how much time was put into it.» → «Painstakingly crafted by an elderly lad over the course of several long months, this dining chair is a quaint, if not unremarkable place to sit. Without a doubt a fine chair, unless you know how much time was put into it.»
«"Ask About Missing Sim" at Diner» → «"Ask About Missing Sim" at Eatery»
«Summon other fairies, change your wing color/shape at will, and make fairy magic less taxing.» → «Summon other fairies, change your wing colour/shape at will, and make fairy magic less taxing.»
«Nestled into a grove of trees, this house is a comfortable size for a small family.  You’re sure to feel at peace as you settle into your new life here.» → «Nestled into a grove of trees, this house is a comfortable size for a small family. You’re sure to feel at peace as you settle into your new life here.»
«Inez» → «Inêz»
«Exercising instead of working?  I wish a plague of one thousand gnomes upon you!  Get to work or I’ll kick you out.» → «Exercising instead of working? I wish a plague of one thousand gnomes upon you! Get to work or I’ll kick you out.»
«There are ghosts everywhere. Who do they think they are? Please catch them, zap them, offer them coffee -- whatever! I want them out of my home.» → «There are ghosts everywhere. Who do they think they are? Please catch them, zap them, offer them coffee — whatever! I want them out of my home.»
«Thats a Wrap!: The True Life Story of the First Mummy Film Director» → «That's a Wrap!: The True Life Story of the First Mummy Film Director»
«Vlad» → «Dipper»
«Sims can start to Trick or Treat one day before Spooky Day. Click on residential lots in your neighborhood to initiate the activity.» → «Sims can start to Trick or Treat one day before Spooky Day. Click on residential lots in your neighbourhood to initiate the activity.»
«Valerie yearns for romance, but feels too busy to find love.» → «Valérie yearns for romance, but feels too busy to find love.»
«The Ultimate Powder Room Organizer» → «The Ultimate Powder Room Organiser»
«Allows neighbors to move in and out, get married, promoted, and otherwise advance in life. Keeps your town balanced, alive, and interesting over longer periods of time. Recommended setting: Enabled.» → «Allows neighbours to move in and out, get married, promoted, and otherwise advance in life. Keeps your town balanced, alive, and interesting over longer periods of time. Recommended setting: Enabled.»
«The streets are not noisy enough! In fact, the Sims for Loud Streets Organization would like {OpOwner} to head out and Play for Tips. As a reward, their representative {OpTarget} will match your tips once you report back in.» → «The streets are not noisy enough! In fact, the Sims for Loud Streets Organisation would like {OpOwner} to head out and Play for Tips. As a reward, their representative {OpTarget} will match your tips once you report back in.»
«"It's not the size of the Equestrian Center, but how you use it." Famous last words from politicians of towns unable to accommodate a full size Equestrian Center in all its stature. Unless you live in Bridgeport - city slickers there just hate ponies and are happy to tell you about it.» → «"It's not the size of the Equestrian Centre, but how you use it." Famous last words from politicians of towns unable to accommodate a full size Equestrian Centre in all its stature. Unless you live in Bridgeport - city slickers there just hate ponies and are happy to tell you about it.»
«Inventor's Honor Trophy» → «Inventor's Honour Trophy»
«Welcome, {0.SimFirstName}! {3.Number} successful jobs now, eh? You’re becoming quite the Architectural Design superstar! My next door neighbor is delighted with what you did for her son! On behalf of your exemplary service to the Sims of {TownName} I am proud to present you with the {1.String}. You know, I’ve been thinking about changing this rug in my office – how do you think it would look with I replaced it with some purple leather that had a green faux fur trim? Too much?» → «Welcome, {0.SimFirstName}! {3.Number} successful jobs now, eh? You’re becoming quite the Architectural Design superstar! My next door neighbour is delighted with what you did for her son! On behalf of your exemplary service to the Sims of {TownName} I am proud to present you with the {1.String}. You know, I’ve been thinking about changing this rug in my office – how do you think it would look with I replaced it with some purple leather that had a green faux fur trim? Too much?»
«{0.SimFirstName}’s publicist has scheduled an autograph session at {1.ObjectName}!  The clock will start once {0.SimFirstName} gets there. Don't take too long though, {0.SimFirstName}'s fans won't wait forever!» → «{0.SimFirstName}’s publicist has scheduled an autograph session at {1.ObjectName}! The clock will start once {0.SimFirstName} gets there. Don't take too long though, {0.SimFirstName}'s fans won't wait forever!»
«The people of Oasis Landing have many fine qualities, but my personal favorite is their reverence for the past. Over at Legacy Park, they’ve erected statues to honor the greatest Sims that came before. Use your Time Almanac to find them, and read their inscriptions.» → «The people of Oasis Landing have many fine qualities, but my personal favourite is their reverence for the past. Over at Legacy Park, they’ve erected statues to honour the greatest Sims that came before. Use your Time Almanac to find them, and read their inscriptions.»
«What the... are you COOKING?  Stop it!  Don't do this again.» → «What the... are you COOKING? Stop it! Don't do this again.»
«Vallari is living the good life, unfettered by the rigors of such things as "responsibility", "basic decency", and "fiscal responsibility" - all those topics her mom used to nag her about. Well her mom isn't around now, and she's free to seek thrills and pursue hot fads as she blows through the family fortune. She thinks of her day job at the spa as simply a means to meet a wealthy and handsome client - preferably single.» → «Vallari is living the good life, unfettered by the rigors of such things as "responsibility", "basic decency", and "fiscal responsibility" - all those topics her mum used to nag her about. Well her mum isn't around now, and she's free to seek thrills and pursue hot fads as she blows through the family fortune. She thinks of her day job at the spa as simply a means to meet a wealthy and handsome client - preferably single.»
«Your horse has just learned the Jumping Skill.  \\n\\nWould you like to learn more?» → «Your horse has just learned the Jumping Skill. \\n\\nWould you like to learn more?»
«That was incredible! There were so many delicate flavors to savor…did I detect a note of apple in there? I am telling all my friends about you. Thanks again!» → «That was incredible! There were so many delicate flavours to savor…did I detect a note of apple in there? I am telling all my friends about you. Thanks again!»
«Oh no! A malfunctioning SimBot has gotten loose in the building and is terrorizing people. Better find the metal menace and disable it!» → «Oh no! A malfunctioning SimBot has gotten loose in the building and is terrorising people. Better find the metal menace and disable it!»
«You've been invited to sing the Sim National Anthem at the Mayor's Inauguration celebration. It's quite an honor to sing for his honor!» → «You've been invited to sing the Sim National Anthem at the Mayor's Inauguration celebration. It's quite an honour to sing for their honour!»
«Deja View Theater» → «Deja View Cinema»
«Your vacation time is up.  Everyone is headed home.» → «Your vacation time is up. Everyone is headed home.»
«Modern Mattress Monthly called the Double Sleep Raft the most “unassuming bed in decades.” It used other artsy words as well, like “transcendent” and “luminous.”  How this translates into actual comfort has yet to be determined.» → «Modern Mattress Monthly called the Double Sleep Raft the most “unassuming bed in decades.” It used other artsy words as well, like “transcendent” and “luminous.” How this translates into actual comfort has yet to be determined.»
«The pixels are dancing  daintily on the television, perfectly in harmony within the highest resolutions money can buy.» → «The pixels are dancing daintily on the television, perfectly in harmony within the highest resolutions money can buy.»
«The local science lab is conducting super secret experiments involving the Automagic Ghost-O-Tron 1220-DR previously rumored to be "under construction." If you're interested in a glimpse of the after-life, bring the remains of a loved one to the lab for some "tests."» → «The local science lab is conducting super secret experiments involving the Automagic Ghost-O-Tron 1220-DR previously rumoured to be "under construction." If you're interested in a glimpse of the after-life, bring the remains of a loved one to the lab for some "tests."»
«Attend Game» → «Attend Game»
«Depressurizing» → «Depressurising»
«Your ghosts are gone! My trusty repo-beam always works!» → «Your ghosts are gone! My trusty repo-beam always works!»
«They may appear to be little laser-guided turrets, but the makers at GizmoPOW assure us they aren't. The only real danger here is the 10000 watts of pure brilliance that is so magnificent, it's hard to look away. This stunning array is a great addition to any performance or party  and is sure to leave folks dazzled.» → «They may appear to be little laser-guided turrets, but the makers at GizmoPOW assure us they aren't. The only real danger here is the 10000 watts of pure brilliance that is so magnificent, it's hard to look away. This stunning array is a great addition to any performance or party and is sure to leave folks dazzled.»
«An orange colored starfish.» → «An orange coloured starfish.»
«It looks like your Sim has been caught being a troublemaker! Different offenses warrant varying punishments. \\n\\nWould you like to learn more about Punishment?» → «It looks like your Sim has been caught being a troublemaker! Different offences warrant varying punishments. \\n\\nWould you like to learn more about Punishment?»
«There's always a market for fine nectar and the professional nectar maker is skilled at both nectar making and entrepreneurship.  The nectar maker capitalizes on the land turning this season's grapes into tomorrow's best-known vintage.» → «There's always a market for fine nectar and the professional nectar maker is skilled at both nectar making and entrepreneurship. The nectar maker capitalises on the land turning this season's grapes into tomorrow's best-known vintage.»
«The protest that {0.SimName} organized is succeeding!» → «The protest that {0.SimName} organised is succeeding!»
«{2.SimName} just put together a campaign fundraiser. {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember the organization effort it took to pull this one off!» → «{2.SimName} just put together a campaign fundraiser. {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember the organisation effort it took to pull this one off!»
«Cruzita's Groceries and Diner» → «Cruzita's Groceries and Eatery»
«(From Eating Snow Cone)» → «(From Eating Sorbet)»
«Are you sure you want to reset the specified lessons?  “{0.String}” lesson notifications will appear again.» → «Are you sure you want to reset the specified lessons? “{0.String}” lesson notifications will appear again.»
«Peanut Butter and Jelly» → «Peanut Butter and Jam Sandwich»
«Without peer, {0.SimFirstName} is in charge.» → «Without peer, {0.SimFirstName} is in charge.\n\nAs a celebrity Five-Star Chef, you are the face of the restaurant. People read your books, watch you on TV, and dream of sampling your culinary masterpieces. There isn’t a single spice, Flavour, or combination of sweet and sour that you haven’t contemplated and perfected. You are a master of the kitchen!»
«That cup may look like garbage to the untrained eye, but to a pool shark it's a cup full of possibilities! Your Sim wants to learn the Hole in Two Trick Shot.» → «That cup may look like garbage to the untrained eye, but to a snooker shark it's a cup full of possibilities! Your Sim wants to learn the Hole in Two Trick Shot.»
«This perennial is a favorite for Sims who love the color red.» → «This perennial is a favourite for Sims who love the colour red.»
«Look out over the lovely river every day in this quaint little home.  It's just close enough to the town center to shop, and far enough away to have that rustic feel.» → «Look out over the lovely river every day in this quaint little home. It's just close enough to the town centre to shop, and far enough away to have that rustic feel.»
«Change Color» → «Change Colour»
«This two-sided billboard is currently featuring advertisements from Zeus--The Cloudwalker Shoe and The Suit and Tie Guys.» → «This two-sided billboard is currently featuring advertisements from Zeus—The Cloudwalker Shoe and The Suit and Tie Guys.»
«Favorite Aspect: {0.String} ({1.Number} photos)» → «Favourite Aspect: {0.String} ({1.Number} photos)»
«2BR / 1 Bath - This classically styled single wide home features a large columned porch, perfect for sipping lemonade as you watch neighbors pass by. Included is extra concrete car pads for parking investment vehicles. Plastic triangle flags are prohibited by the neighborhood association.» → «2BR / 1 Bath - This classically styled single wide home features a large columned porch, perfect for sipping lemonade as you watch neighbours pass by. Included is extra concrete car pads for parking investment vehicles. Plastic triangle flags are prohibited by the neighbourhood association.»
«There’s something romantic about a bright, colorful wagon where predictions are made. Call it destiny, fate, or just an everyday coincidence, but WooHooing in the gypsy wagon was bound to happen.» → «There’s something romantic about a bright, colourful wagon where predictions are made. Call it destiny, fate, or just an everyday coincidence, but WooHooing in the fortune wagon was bound to happen.»
«Current Eye Color» → «Current Eye Colour»
«Set somewhat apart from its neighbors, this once elegant Victorian graces the river's edge with a haunting reminder of days gone by. If you plan to restore this home, beware of feline vengeance - and musk!» → «Set somewhat apart from its neighbours, this once elegant Victorian graces the river's edge with a haunting reminder of days gone by. If you plan to restore this home, beware of feline vengeance - and musk!»
«Tour Administration Center With Date» → «Tour Administration Centre With Date»
«Play Collegiate Sport...» → «Play Varsity Sport...»
«If you're a prospective horse owner, a verified horse breeder, or an expert rider looking to earn some cold hard simoleons, the Equestrian Center is where you want to be.» → «If you're a prospective horse owner, a verified horse breeder, or an expert rider looking to earn some cold hard simoleons, the Equestrian Centre is where you want to be.»
«So now you have a horse and you're wondering what to do with it. How about some competitions! Start off by attending a riding class to learn all about the Riding Skill. As you advance and your horse trains their Jumping and Racing Skills, more competitions will open up at the Equestrian Center. These competitions are a great way to see just how well horse and rider have bonded, as well as making a little money on the side. Alternatively, just come watch a competition with friends and family for a fun social outing!» → «So now you have a horse and you're wondering what to do with it. How about some competitions! Start off by attending a riding class to learn all about the Riding Skill. As you advance and your horse trains their Jumping and Racing Skills, more competitions will open up at the Equestrian Centre. These competitions are a great way to see just how well horse and rider have bonded, as well as making a little money on the side. Alternatively, just come watch a competition with friends and family for a fun social outing!»
«Talk to the Time Traveler to see how you can restore the Future to its original state» → «Talk to the Time Traveller to see how you can restore the Future to its original state»
«Catsup is for poseurs my friend.  Use anything besides catsup please.  Soy sauce, mayonaisse, hoisin, just for the love of great food avoid the catsup!  And using a microwave is fairly low quality as well.» → «Catsup is for poseurs my friend. Use anything besides catsup please. Soy sauce, mayonaisse, hoisin, just for the love of great food avoid the catsup! And using a microwave is fairly low quality as well.»
«What makes great food you say?  The great cook Lyndsay Mazza always said salt helps, but if you add fat and oil to anything, it will be better.» → «What makes great food you say? The great cook Lyndsay Mazza always said salt helps, but if you add fat and oil to anything, it will be better.»
«I was at a 4 star restaurant the other day and esteemed food critic Larimore Pearson was there.  After his meal he exclaimed, "This is exactly what great food is! I shall kiss the cook!" I don't think he did though.» → «I was at a 4 star restaurant the other day and esteemed food critic Larimore Pearson was there. After his meal he exclaimed, "This is exactly what great food is! I shall kiss the cook!" I don't think he did though.»
«The great chef Raymundo once told my grandfather that you must make sure to maintain a delicate and unique blend of flavor and nutrition.  Butter helps a lot too.» → «The great chef Raymundo once told my grandfather that you must make sure to maintain a delicate and unique blend of flavour and nutrition. Butter helps a lot too.»
«This open aired, two bedroom house redefines the meaning of perfection. Enjoy a good book in the indoor garden or take a relaxing stroll by your very own private pond. With four fireplaces, a separate dining room, and a number of cozy sitting areas, you’re sure to be happy in this home.» → «This open aired, two bedroom house redefines the meaning of perfection. Enjoy a good book in the indoor garden or take a relaxing stroll by your very own private pond. With four fireplaces, a separate dining room, and a number of cosy sitting areas, you’re sure to be happy in this home.»
«When most people picture an oasis, they think of a relaxing refuge from the perils of the open desert. However, not everyone knows that oases come with their own set of dangers. From quicksand to gypsies, oases are often safer if they remain a heat induced illusion…unless you build one in your house! Build your own oasis in the safety of your own home with the Perma-Palm.» → «When most people picture an oasis, they think of a relaxing refuge from the perils of the open desert. However, not everyone knows that oases come with their own set of dangers. From quicksand to scorpions, oases are often safer if they remain a heat induced illusion…unless you build one in your house! Build your own oasis in the safety of your own home with the Perma-Palm.»
«Feel the adrenaline surge through your veins by playing sports at the {OpTarget} and score some extra credit points with your professor. Win the game and you’ll be the intramural hero!» → «Feel the adrenaline surge through your veins by playing sports at the {OpTarget} and score some extra credit points with your professor. Win the match and you’ll be the intramural hero!»
«Enjoy the visual appeal of drawers without the convenience of actual storage space with the Illusionary Coffee Table. Designed by master prankster Mastroni for his House of Hilarity, the purely decorative drawers are glued shut and conceal a hollow interior. You'll never tire of asking your guests to retrieve something from the table and giggling in amusement as they unsuccessfully pull on the handles.» → «Enjoy the visual appeal of drawers without the convenience of actual storage space with the Illusionary Coffee Table. Designed by master prankster Mastroni for his House of Hilarity, the purely decorative drawers are glued shut and conceal a hollow interior. You'll never tire of asking your guests to retrieve something from the table and giggling in amusement as they unsuccessfully pull on the handles.»
«Dogs don't need to have intricate conversations, but a little social interaction is definitely necessary.  After all, being alone all of the time couldn't possibly keep {0.SimFirstName} happy.» → «Dogs don't need to have intricate conversations, but a little social interaction is definitely necessary. After all, being alone all of the time couldn't possibly keep {0.SimFirstName} happy.»
«Cats don't need to have intricate conversations, but a little social interaction is definitely necessary.  After all, being alone all of the time couldn't possibly keep {0.SimFirstName} happy.» → «Cats don't need to have intricate conversations, but a little social interaction is definitely necessary. After all, being alone all of the time couldn't possibly keep {0.SimFirstName} happy.»
«There's a show going on at the theatre! Go to Map View to find the theatre in town. {0.SimFirstName} would have a great time.» → «There's a show going on at the cinema! Go to Map View to find the cinema in town. {0.SimFirstName} would have a great time.»
«Built with a family in mind, this elegant modern home matches modern architecture with contemporary living.  An easy floor plan, dual master baths, and a large recreation room all add to the appeal of this view home.» → «Built with a family in mind, this elegant modern home matches modern architecture with contemporary living. An easy floor plan, dual master baths, and a large recreation room all add to the appeal of this view home.»
«Martial artists may choose to spar with other practitioners of the skill. Some Sims will even travel all the way to Shang Simla to test their skills competitively. The ranked tournament circuit is home to some of the most skilled martial artists in the world.» → «Martial artists may choose to spar with other practitioners of the skill. Some Sims will even travel all the way to Shang Simla to test their skills competitively. The ranked tournament tour is home to some of the most skilled martial artists in the world.»
«Country Girl (Shake It For Me)» → «Country Girl (Shake It For Me)»
«High School Teacher» → «Secondary School Teacher»
«SebastionHumorsbane» → «SebastionHumoursbane»
«You have just entered Coat Advanced Mode. Add, Delete, and Duplicate Layers to create your ideal pet. Each layer can be a specific region or a marking. Use pre-created regions or customize your own by moving, scaling, and rotating markings.  For Cats and Dogs you will also be able to customize their fur shape.» → «You have just entered Coat Advanced Mode. Add, Delete, and Duplicate Layers to create your ideal pet. Each layer can be a specific region or a marking. Use pre-created regions or customise your own by moving, scaling, and rotating markings. For Cats and Dogs you will also be able to customise their fur shape.»
«Lavish details are abound in this stunning gem of Champs Les Sims.  With unparalleled attention to detail, your guests will never want to leave!» → «Lavish details are abound in this stunning gem of Champs Les Sims. With unparalleled attention to detail, your guests will never want to leave!»
«Renew your vows or confess your love to one another in paradise. The Island Wedding Arch is the perfect centerpiece for your special day.» → «Renew your vows or confess your love to one another in paradise. The Island Wedding Arch is the perfect centrepiece for your special day.»
«A Sim came in today with an unknown sickness and it looked grim. Everyone gave up and threw in the towel, but not {0.SimFirstName}!  She pulled out all the stops, running every painful test in the book to figure out the problem. Ironically, it wasn't until a bored co-worker made a small comment ten minutes before the patient was about to pass away, that she realized the patient had Subpaleolithitis! {0.SimFirstName} was able to cure the patient and everyone was impressed! The boss even gave {0.SimFirstName} a raise!» → «A Sim came in today with an unknown sickness and it looked grim. Everyone gave up and threw in the towel, but not {0.SimFirstName}! She pulled out all the stops, running every painful test in the book to figure out the problem. Ironically, it wasn't until a bored co-worker made a small comment ten minutes before the patient was about to pass away, that she realized the patient had Subpaleolithitis! {0.SimFirstName} was able to cure the patient and everyone was impressed! The boss even gave {0.SimFirstName} a raise!»
«Your Sim could really use a kitten to make the hard times easier to bear.  Bad things just don't seem so bad when you're snuggling with a kitten! Your Sim wants to Have Kittens.» → «Your Sim could really use a kitten to make the hard times easier to bear. Bad things just don't seem so bad when you're snuggling with a kitten! Your Sim wants to Have Kittens.»
«Cressida is the Cook family's personal live-in spa specialist.  She's not blind to Jeffrey and Lady Cook's shenanigans.» → «Cressida is the Cook family's personal live-in spa specialist. She's not blind to Jeffrey and Lady Cook's shenanigans.»
«Attend Charity Game at the {OpTarget}.» → «Attend Charity Match at the {OpTarget}.»
«Hair Color Presets» → «Hair Colour Presets»
«Localization Support» → «Localisation Support»
«Coming from a small farm town, Emily always dreamed of living in a big city and seeing celebrities on every corner. It was no surprise when she enthusiastically accepted a job transfer to Starlight Shores to live the dream with Craig. Emily is an art fanatic in every sense; she enjoys painting, watching live performances, and listening to music. Emily sells her own art on the side while working full time as a Lab Technician. Though she’s new in town and still fitting in, Emily can’t wait to explore all that Starlight Shores has to offer with Craig at her side.» → «Coming from a small farm town, Emily always dreamt of living in a big city and seeing celebrities on every corner. It was no surprise when she enthusiastically accepted a job transfer to Starlight Shores to live the dream with Craig. Emily is an art fanatic in every sense; she enjoys painting, watching live performances, and listening to music. Emily sells her own art on the side while working full time as a Lab Technician. Though she’s new in town and still fitting in, Emily can’t wait to explore all that Starlight Shores has to offer with Craig at her side.»
«Your Sim hopes to reign supreme on the highly dangerous Ranked Chess Circuit. Use the phone to invite over your next opponent.» → «Your Sim hopes to reign supreme on the highly dangerous Ranked Chess Tour. Use the phone to invite over your next opponent.»
«Independent pets prefer to be on their own rather than socializing or playing with other pets and Sims.» → «Independent pets prefer to be on their own rather than socialising or playing with other pets and Sims.»
«{0.SimFirstName}'s book order has been placed and will arrive in the mail shortly!» → «{0.SimFirstName}'s book order has been placed and will arrive in the post shortly!»
«You've proven that you can handle the small time competitions. It's time to take your skills and back them up on the International Circuit! Will you become a house hold name or a forgotton local legend who has been reduced to the main attraction at the local petting zoo?... Your Sim wishes to Enter an International Cross-Country Competition.» → «You've proven that you can handle the small time competitions. It's time to take your skills and back them up on the International Tour! Will you become a house hold name or a forgotten local legend who has been reduced to the main attraction at the local petting zoo?... Your Sim wishes to Enter an International Cross-Country Competition.»
«This Decor8 sculpture, symbolizing all three planets in the known Sims universe - Boonitz, Dipthong and Earth -  is both attractive and functional, as simply by virtue of owning it, it may make you seem smarter. Decorate your space...with Space!» → «This Decor8 sculpture, symbolising all three planets in the known Sims universe - Boonitz, Dipthong and Earth - is both attractive and functional, as simply by virtue of owning it, it may make you seem smarter. Decorate your space...with Space!»
«There aren’t too many windows!  I’m so happy no one will see my nefarious activities.» → «There aren’t too many windows! I’m so happy no one will see my nefarious activities.»
«This lot is owned by the {0.String} household. Bulldozing this house will require evicting the household first.» → «This lot is owned by the {0.String} household. Bulldosing this house will require evicting the household first.»
«Daycare End of Day Report» → «Nursery End of Day Report»
«Eyes black as a winter night, pale skin like a blizzard whiteout, and three lumps of coal affixed to his chest -- a staunch reminder of each of his bad years growing up in Strangetown. Don't be fooled, Bittertotter's affinity for playing in the snow is an attention starved display of irony for the cheerful life he's convinced was taken from him. Ho-ho-ho? More like ho-ho-horrible!» → «Eyes black as a winter night, pale skin like a blizzard whiteout, and three lumps of coal affixed to his chest — a staunch reminder of each of his bad years growing up in Strangetown. Don't be fooled, Bittertotter's affinity for playing in the snow is an attention starved display of irony for the cheerful life he's convinced was taken from him. Ho-ho-ho? More like ho-ho-horrible!»
«Get back to nature by ditching symmetry, smooth lines, and fake materials. Built using well-kept secrets from real fairy artisans, this sofa is comfortable as well as interesting to view.  Nature lovers and trendy Sims alike are sure to love this attention-grabbing sofa.» → «Get back to nature by ditching symmetry, smooth lines, and fake materials. Built using well-kept secrets from real fairy artisans, this sofa is comfortable as well as interesting to view. Nature lovers and trendy Sims alike are sure to love this attention-grabbing sofa.»
«All that traveling to China finally paid off in the form of a higher level Visa. That's when the dream of owning a vacation home began to form.» → «All that travelling to China finally paid off in the form of a higher level Visa. That's when the dream of owning a vacation home began to form.»
«The perfect accent to any children’s room, this squat learning center is easily accessible to young minds. Natural vegetation accents the bookshelf’s shrub-inspired design.» → «The perfect accent to any children’s room, this squat learning centre is easily accessible to young minds. Natural vegetation accents the bookshelf’s shrub-inspired design.»
«• Your pet will not autonomously socialize with younger pets.» → «• Your pet will not autonomously socialise with younger pets.»
«Often mistaken for a door (a higher level build item of greater functional worth), this Steeled Dura-Portal is still just a window despite appearances.  If these windows could talk, they would say "Don't walk into me, please."» → «Often mistaken for a door (a higher level build item of greater functional worth), this Steeled Dura-Portal is still just a window despite appearances. If these windows could talk, they would say "Don't walk into me, please."»
«One Day Only! The professors have been receiving an inordinate amount of mail. Students are being asked to help sort through the mail and receive a Simoleon for each letter sorted.» → «One Day Only! The professors have been receiving an inordinate amount of post. Students are being asked to help sort through the post and receive a Simoleon for each letter sorted.»
«It's hard to categorize furniture these days especially with comfortable coffee tables like the OttoTable. The suede-like surface of this pillow top table may not be the most practical for your living room needs, but it sure is a pleasure to run your fingers over.» → «It's hard to categorise furniture these days especially with comfortable coffee tables like the OttoTable. The suede-like surface of this pillow top table may not be the most practical for your living room needs, but it sure is a pleasure to run your fingers over.»
«It's time to saddle up and buckle down! Entering a Jumping Competition is something you've been preparing for quite some time now. Time to show that all of your hard work and training weren't for nothing! Doing well here will guarantee you and your owner Simoleons, Media Exposure, and possibly crazed Equestrian Racing Groupies! Your Horse wishes to Enter a Jumping Competition.» → «It's time to saddle up and buckle down! Entering a Jumping Competition is something you've been preparing for quite some time now. Time to show that all of your hard work and training weren't for nothing! Doing well here will guarantee you and your owner Simoleons, Media Exposure, and possibly crazed Equestrian Racing Groupies! Your Horse wishes to Enter a Jumping Competition.»
«The Adventure Tracker only appears when your Sim has an Adventure. You can minimize the Adventure Tracker by clicking the arrow.» → «The Adventure Tracker only appears when your Sim has an Adventure. You can minimise the Adventure Tracker by clicking the arrow.»
«Ancient Treasure Chests can be found throughout the ancient tombs and sacred halls of long-dead civilizations in China, France, and Egypt.» → «Ancient Treasure Chests can be found throughout the ancient tombs and sacred halls of long-dead civilisations in China, France, and Egypt.»
«Trash Can» → «Waste Bin»
«{2.SimName} has just taught {1.SimName} how to Shake! The puffy and padded paws of {1.SimName} are so cute and squishy! {2.SimName} will always remember this moment!» → «{2.SimName} has just taught {1.SimName} how to Shake! The puffy and padded paws of {1.SimName} are so cute and squishy! {2.SimName} will always remember this moment!»
«Jolina Family Mauseleom» → «Jolina Family Mausoleum»
«This fire is simply horrible -- the most terrifying thing I've ever experienced! Please, save my home and my family.» → «This fire is simply horrible — the most terrifying thing I've ever experienced! Please, save my home and my family.»
«The sphinx is the guard.  He who wishes the treasures of Horus must prove himself worthy by claiming his greatest treasure before all else.  Beware, only one may enter here!» → «The sphinx is the guard. He who wishes the treasures of Horus must prove himself worthy by claiming his greatest treasure before all else. Beware, only one may enter here!»
«The research labs at the Science Center are on the cutting edge of paranormal investigation. With your amazing magical powers, they suspect you might have extra-sensory perception and would like to test you. Can you sense some extra Simoleons in your future?» → «The research labs at the Science Centre are on the cutting edge of paranormal investigation. With your amazing magical powers, they suspect you might have extra-sensory perception and would like to test you. Can you sense some extra Simoleons in your future?»
«WARNING:  Items on the clipboard will NOT be saved.» → «WARNING: Items on the clipboard will NOT be saved.»
«Heading into the Big Game, you need to get your clients ready for the onslaught of news coverage. Prep your clients and get them ready to Speak at a Press Conference at {OpTarget}.» → «Heading into the Big Match, you need to get your clients ready for the onslaught of news coverage. Prep your clients and get them ready to Speak at a Press Conference at {OpTarget}.»
«Master Farmers have harvested at least {0.Number} fruits and vegetables. The plants of Master Farmers remain watered and fertilized longer, meaning their gardens are more efficient.» → «Master Farmers have harvested at least {0.Number} fruits and vegetables. The plants of Master Farmers remain watered and Fertilised longer, meaning their gardens are more efficient.»
«Designed by the well-known architect Victoria, this home has been put to the test and passed with flying colors. Its timeless design will never go out of style and sturdy construction will also pass the test of time. Warm up in the inviting sunroom with its smartly curved windows and see for yourself why Sims clamor for a genuine Victorian home!» → «Designed by the well-known architect Victoria, this home has been put to the test and passed with flying colours. Its timeless design will never go out of style and sturdy construction will also pass the test of time. Warm up in the inviting sunroom with its smartly curved windows and see for yourself why Sims clamor for a genuine Victorian home!»
«Rumors are flying around town that strange creatures of the night have moved into town. Your Sim wants to meet a vampire. Look for Vampires in high-end venues.» → «Rumours are flying around town that strange creatures of the night have moved into town. Your Sim wants to meet a vampire. Look for Vampires in high-end venues.»
«Custom Coat Color» → «Custom Coat Colour»
«"Spread Good Rumors" on {0.Number} / {1.Number} of Local Egyptians.» → «"Spread Good Rumours" on {0.Number} / {1.Number} of Local Egyptians.»
«Not all fortune cookies are tasty cookies and not all fortunes are good fortunes, so it was fortunate and memorable to receive a good fortune in a tasty cookie!» → «Not all fortune cookies are tasty biscuits and not all fortunes are good fortunes, so it was fortunate and memorable to receive a good fortune in a tasty biscuit!»
«The elegant, waterway entrance leads to the centerpiece of the home – the interior atrium at the heart of an open, light-filled living plan. Includes a pool and two-car garage.» → «The elegant, waterway entrance leads to the centrepiece of the home – the interior atrium at the heart of an open, light-filled living plan. Includes a pool and two-car garage.»
«Sofia felt trapped for years - trapped in a loveless marriage, and trapped in the concrete jungle of the city. She made the decision to take back her life by kicking her husband to the curb, and uprooting her moody teenage son for a fresh start in the country. Flush with cash from the divorce, she purchased a horse to help charm the posh country crowd. Now that she's a cougar on the prowl, will young Cruz be able to adjust to his new family and make friends in a brand new town?» → «Sofia felt trapped for years - trapped in a loveless marriage, and trapped in the concrete jungle of the city. She made the decision to take back her life by kicking her husband to the pavement, and uprooting her moody teenage son for a fresh start in the country. Flush with cash from the divorce, she purchased a horse to help charm the posh country crowd. Now that she's a cougar on the prowl, will young Cruz be able to adjust to his new family and make friends in a brand new town?»
«It is an honor to present {0.SimFirstName} with the Sim's Choice Award.» → «It is an honour to present {0.SimFirstName} with the Sim's Choice Award.»
«Bangers, sausages... if it's a hot link you're after, Darris Teeter's Grocery or The Koffi Cafe has you covered. Take one home or have it served fresh and piping hot, the choice is yours!» → «Bangers, sausages... if it's a hot wiener you're after, Darris Teeter's Supermarket or The Koffi Café has you covered. Take one home or have it served fresh and piping hot, the choice is yours!»
«Twinbrook Industrial Train Center» → «Twinbrook Industrial Train Centre»
«Thanks for helping us out {0.SimFirstName}.  Here's a little something for your troubles.  Don't worry, we're all reformed and we'll never, *ever* do anything bad again... or at least get caught!» → «Thanks for helping us out {0.SimFirstName}. Here's a little something for your troubles. Don't worry, we're all reformed and we'll never, *ever* do anything bad again... or at least get caught!»
« A Sim's mood is also reflected in their picture and in the background of their portrait on the skewer so you can always be aware of how your Sims are doing.» → «A Sim's mood is also reflected in their picture and in the background of their portrait on the skewer so you can always be aware of how your Sims are doing.»
«Your friend's Sim is making their next Tour Stop in your town! The show will start around {0.String} at {1.String}... but you know those flakey artist types--they're always running late!» → «Your friend's Sim is making their next Tour Stop in your town! The show will start around {0.String} at {1.String}... but you know those flakey artist types—they're always running late!»
«Your horse caught nothing but air on that jump!  Feelin' GOOD!» → «Your horse caught nothing but air on that jump! Feelin' GOOD!»
«What an attractive amalgam of multi-colored delights! Place under a window to dress up your fenestration or outside the front door as a welcoming sight. It's not a real flowerbox if it's not from BowerFlox.» → «What an attractive amalgam of multi-coloured delights! Place under a window to dress up your fenestration or outside the front door as a welcoming sight. It's not a real flowerbox if it's not from BowerFlox.»
«{0.SimFirstName} may now enter International Show Jumping and Cross-Country competitions at the Equestrian Center (with a qualified rider).» → «{0.SimFirstName} may now enter International Show Jumping and Cross-Country competitions at the Equestrian Centre (with a qualified rider).»
«{0.SimFirstName} may now enter Advanced Show Jumping and Cross-Country competitions at the Equestrian Center (with a qualified rider).» → «{0.SimFirstName} may now enter Advanced Show Jumping and Cross-Country competitions at the Equestrian Centre (with a qualified rider).»
«What a jerk that bouncer was! Clearly greatness wasn't recognized at this joint!» → «What a jerk that bouncer was! Clearly greatness wasn't recognised at this joint!»
«A state of inactivity; a peaceful respite. An uninterrupted slumber characterized by warmth and longevity. Bears do it. Bats do it. Teenagers do it. For sensational slumber, think Hibernation Station.» → «A state of inactivity; a peaceful respite. An uninterrupted slumber characterised by warmth and longevity. Bears do it. Bats do it. Teenagers do it. For sensational slumber, think Hibernation Station.»
«Chocolate Cookie» → «Chocolate Biscuit»
«Have you always dreamed of joining the circus? Or been told by someone that you should? Now your dreams can come true! Recreate the circus atmosphere in the comfort of your own home with Artificial Cannon Co.'s amazingly huge backdrop of the coolest circus tent in town! Use this cutout to spice up your stage or place it in your home for some clownin' around!» → «Have you always dreamt of joining the circus? Or been told by someone that you should? Now your dreams can come true! Recreate the circus atmosphere in the comfort of your own home with Artificial Cannon Co.'s amazingly huge backdrop of the coolest circus tent in town! Use this cutout to spice up your stage or place it in your home for some clownin' around!»
«As a street artist starting to hit the apex of {MA.his}{FA.her} game, {0.SimName} will start receiving even more Simoloeons from tips!» → «As a street artist starting to hit the apex of {MA.his}{FA.her} game, {0.SimName} will start receiving even more Simoleons from tips!»
«A born adventurer, Amanda Mere traveled the globe “getting my swashbuckle on.” But after finding her true love Rowley, she’s trying on the simple life for size.» → «A born adventurer, Amanda Mere travelled the globe “getting my swashbuckle on.” But after finding her true love Rowley, she’s trying on the simple life for size.»
«For working {MA.his}{FA.her} will on the universe, {0.SimName} has been honored with a statue and the title of The Time Keeper!» → «For working {MA.his}{FA.her} will on the universe, {0.SimName} has been honoured with a statue and the title of The Time Keeper!»
«Not everyone can keep up with the Goths!  Your Sim is seeing green, feeling mean, and wants to insult some neighbor's home.» → «Not everyone can keep up with the Goths! Your Sim is seeing green, feeling mean, and wants to insult some neighbour's home.»
«Town Center Fall Festival» → «Town Centre Fall Festival»
«{2.SimName} has just won a Beginner Racing competition. {MA.He}{FA.She}'ll always remember the feeling of accomplishment as {MA.he}{FA.she} crossed the finish line and was awarded Simoleons and a trophy.» → «{2.SimName} has just won a Beginner Racing competition. {MA.He}{FA.She}'ll always remember the feeling of accomplishment as {MA.he}{FA.she} crossed the finish line and was awarded Simoleons and a trophy.»
«Four women trying to make their way in the world have come together to share this house. Madison and Monica are best friends forever, Tori is a best-friend wannabe, and Ayesha is the tomboy who couldn’t care less.» → «Four women trying to make their way in the world have come together to share this house. Madison and Monika are best friends forever, Tori is a best-friend wannabe, and Ayesha is the tomboy who couldn’t care less.»
«The Nix family may be the most “normal” family in Moonlight Falls…which makes them one of the most unusual families in Moonlight Falls! Mike and Annie met at a high school dance, dated through college, and then got married when Mike graduated from medical school. Mara was born a year later. Will the Nixes be able to find some friends or are they just too normal for a place like Moonlight Falls?» → «The Nix family may be the most “normal” family in Moonlight Falls…which makes them one of the most unusual families in Moonlight Falls! Mike and Annie met at a secondary school dance, dated through university, and then got married when Mike graduated from medical school. Mara was born a year later. Will the Nixes be able to find some friends or are they just too normal for a place like Moonlight Falls?»
«Teaching a new trick, such as Sit, can be such an adventure! Your dog is really happy with all the attention {MA.He}{FA.She} is getting that they practically can't sit still from all the excitement!» → «Teaching a new trick, such as Sit, can be such an adventure! Your dog is really happy with all the attention {MA.He}{FA.She} is getting that they practically can't sit still from all the excitement!»
«Welcome, {0.SimFirstName}! It is my great joy to bestow upon you the {1.String} in recognition of your achievements in the field of fishing. Display it proudly on the wall! We’ve also gifted you a medal you can wear. The citizens of {TownName} have brighter and more colorful aquariums, fresher sushi, and more beautiful ponds thanks to you! You are an inspiration to aspiring anglers everywhere!» → «Welcome, {0.SimFirstName}! It is my great joy to bestow upon you the {1.String} in recognition of your achievements in the field of fishing. Display it proudly on the wall! We’ve also gifted you a medal you can wear. The citizens of {TownName} have brighter and more colourful aquariums, fresher sushi, and more beautiful ponds thanks to you! You are an inspiration to aspiring anglers everywhere!»
«Realize» → «Realise»
«We are unable to verify that your disc is a  valid copy of The Sims 3.  Please contact customer service.» → «We are unable to verify that your disc is a valid copy of The Sims 3. Please contact customer service.»
«You’ve done it! The solver of stumpers, the evictor of enigmas, the master of mysteries! You’ve been called it all as citizens around town express their gratitude. There’s no time to rest on your laurels though because duty calls and you always answer. Don your new duds and hit the streets -- criminals must know that private eyes are watching them.» → «You’ve done it! The solver of stumpers, the evictor of enigmas, the master of mysteries! You’ve been called it all as citizens around town express their gratitude. There’s no time to rest on your laurels though because duty calls and you always answer. Don your new duds and hit the streets — criminals must know that private eyes are watching them.»
«That stray looks like all kinds of trouble!  Quick, shoo it away before it gets too comfortable and decides to stick around… permanently!  Your Sim wants to Shoo the Stray.» → «That stray looks like all kinds of trouble! Quick, shoo it away before it gets too comfortable and decides to stick around… permanently! Your Sim wants to Shoo the Stray.»
«Hoping {MA.he}{FA.she} could bum a few wishes, {0.SimName} threw a Vial of Bottled Genie at  {1.SimName} and turned {MB.him}{FB.her} into a genie.» → «Hoping {MA.he}{FA.she} could bum a few wishes, {0.SimName} threw a Vial of Bottled Genie at {1.SimName} and turned {MB.him}{FB.her} into a genie.»
«After a rough upbringing with parents who were rarely there for him, Harwood poured his troubles into art. At the age of 16, Harwood was named “Child Prodigy” by Sculptors Weekly, thus beginning an illustrious career of artwork. Now in his twilight years, Harwood is keeping a low profile in his humble lakeside abode. Will his neighbors ever find out who he actually is?» → «After a rough upbringing with parents who were rarely there for him, Harwood poured his troubles into art. At the age of 16, Harwood was named “Child Prodigy” by Sculptors Weekly, thus beginning an illustrious career of artwork. Now in his twilight years, Harwood is keeping a low profile in his humble lakeside abode. Will his neighbours ever find out who he actually is?»
«“I seek to perfect the beverage of Nectar, and to put Champs Les Sims on the map as the greatest location for Nectar making in the world. I require assistance in this noble endeavor. Please bring {9.Number} samples of the Cherimola Blan varietal of grape to me. We shall perfect the flavor yet!”» → «“I seek to perfect the beverage of Nectar, and to put Champs Les Sims on the map as the greatest location for Nectar making in the world. I require assistance in this noble endeavor. Please bring {9.Number} samples of the Cherimola Blan varietal of grape to me. We shall perfect the flavour yet!”»
«{0.String}'s Sim {1.String} put on an epic {2.String} performance at {3.String}'s {4.String}! Hipsters everywhere will be claiming they knew {1.String} before they were big. Both players are reaping the rewards--Simoleons, Tour Stop Stamps, Lifetime Happiness and more!» → «{0.String}'s Sim {1.String} put on an epic {2.String} performance at {3.String}'s {4.String}! Hipsters everywhere will be claiming they knew {1.String} before they were big. Both players are reaping the rewards—Simoleons, Tour Stop Stamps, Lifetime Happiness and more!»
«Sims living in High Rise buildings also have access to Trash Chutes and Wall Mailboxes. These new objects take the place of garbage cans and mailboxes found on standard lots.» → «Sims living in High Rise buildings also have access to Trash Chutes and Wall Mailboxes. These new objects take the place of garbage cans and postboxes found on standard lots.»
«Depending on where your Sims live, you may see other Sims' front doors off the lobby or in hallways of your building. You won't be able to access their private residences, but feel free to give the door a knock to meet and socialize with your fellow High Rise residents in public spaces.» → «Depending on where your Sims live, you may see other Sims' front doors off the lobby or in hallways of your building. You won't be able to access their private residences, but feel free to give the door a knock to meet and socialise with your fellow High Rise residents in public spaces.»
«“I thank you again! Oh drat! I’m sorry. It seems I neglected to provide adequate protection within the First Emperor’s miniature tomb. As the tomb is small, the neighbors simply will not fit. Perhaps you could bring {9.Number} Red Assassin Bugs instead? You will be paid some Simoleons and some Ancient Coins!”» → «“I thank you again! Oh drat! I’m sorry. It seems I neglected to provide adequate protection within the First Emperor’s miniature tomb. As the tomb is small, the neighbours simply will not fit. Perhaps you could bring {9.Number} Red Assassin Bugs instead? You will be paid some Simoleons and some Ancient Coins!”»
«One of the more colorful characters from Moonlight Fall’s history was the old Witch known as “Binary Betty.” She had no family in town and no real friends, undoubtedly due to her radical mood swings and unpredictable behavior. Although the artist appears to have captured Betty in one of her nicer moods, some who have seen the this painting see her bad side…» → «One of the more colourful characters from Moonlight Fall’s history was the old Witch known as “Binary Betty.” She had no family in town and no real friends, undoubtedly due to her radical mood swings and unpredictable behavior. Although the artist appears to have captured Betty in one of her nicer moods, some who have seen the this painting see her bad side…»
«{0.SimName} can't open a daycare because {1.SimName} has already opened a daycare at the same household. {0.SimName} can help out with the daycare duties if {MA.he}{FA.she} wants to.» → «{0.SimName} can't open a nursery because {1.SimName} has already opened a nursery at the same household. {0.SimName} can help out with the nursery duties if {MA.he}{FA.she} wants to.»
«This fun floral lamp almost seems to sit up and regard you with a curious look. Its stylized shape and fun curves make it a delight to look at. Your child will love its bright personality, and so will you. Who says lamps have to be boring? Not Bloom!» → «This fun floral lamp almost seems to sit up and regard you with a curious look. Its stylised shape and fun curves make it a delight to look at. Your child will love its bright personality, and so will you. Who says lamps have to be boring? Not Bloom!»
«When Bob first analyzed Bev's profile on the dating site, he figured she was "the one." Simultaneously, the database beamed his dithered smile past the spam filter, right into her heart's inbox. He proposed on the 3rd date and the rest is history. But can they keep the secret to a "perfect marriage" private now that naughty little Jeffrey has begun tinkering with computers? What WILL the neighbors say!» → «When Bob first analysed Bev's profile on the dating site, he figured she was "the one." Simultaneously, the database beamed his dithered smile past the spam filter, right into her heart's inbox. He proposed on the 3rd date and the rest is history. But can they keep the secret to a "perfect marriage" private now that naughty little Jeffrey has begun tinkering with computers? What WILL the neighbours say!»
«When desperate Sims can't even find a pile of trash to sleep on, they can always pass out on top of a subway grate. An occasional blast of hot air from the train passing below helps get you through those long cold nights.» → «When desperate Sims can't even find a pile of trash to sleep on, they can always pass out on top of an underground metro grate. An occasional blast of hot air from the train passing below helps get you through those long cold nights.»
«Set Light Color...» → «Set Light Colour...»
«Friends, the day we have been patiently waiting for is finally upon us. Spooky Day! ... And Spooky Day Eve! Now let's go take what's ours! {0.String} will have no idea what hit 'em!» → «Friends, the day we have been patiently waiting for is finally upon us. Spooky Day! ... And Spooky Day Eve! Now let's go take what's ours! {0.String} will have no idea what hit 'em!»
«{0.SimFirstName} emerges victoriously from the tunnel. {0.SimFirstName} found unspeakably valuable rewards, but a dying underground civilization needed them more. Still, the treasures {0.SimFirstName} did manage to hang on to are quite nice.» → «{0.SimFirstName} emerges victoriously from the tunnel. {0.SimFirstName} found unspeakably valuable rewards, but a dying underground civilisation needed them more. Still, the treasures {0.SimFirstName} did manage to hang on to are quite nice.»
«Wielding this wand can be exhausting, but with its incredibly high accuracy, there’s less chance of wasting energy attempting spells over and over. A powerful tool for a developing spell-caster. Braided wands may seem a bit old-fashioned by current standards, but they are still favored by some witches who respect the fusion of elegance and spellcasting accuracy that this wand provides.\n\nSpell Accuracy: Highest\nMagic Cost Efficiency: Medium» → «Wielding this wand can be exhausting, but with its incredibly high accuracy, there’s less chance of wasting energy attempting spells over and over. A powerful tool for a developing spell-caster. Braided wands may seem a bit old-fashioned by current standards, but they are still favoured by some witches who respect the fusion of elegance and spellcasting accuracy that this wand provides.\n\nSpell Accuracy: Highest\nMagic Cost Efficiency: Medium»
«You must be as soiled as your work ethic if you have to shower on the job.  I won't tolerate this much longer.» → «You must be as soiled as your work ethic if you have to shower on the job. I won't tolerate this much longer.»
«Fertilized plants tend to produce higher quality fruits and vegetables for harvest. Your Sim thinks it's a good idea to fertilize the plants in the garden using fish, fruits or vegetables.» → «Fertilised plants tend to produce higher quality fruits and vegetables for harvest. Your Sim thinks it's a good idea to Fertilise the plants in the garden using fish, fruits or vegetables.»
«A little taste of paradise disguised in the form of of a sparkling salt lick.  It refills both hunger and thirst.» → «A little taste of paradise disguised in the form of of a sparkling salt lick. It refills both hunger and thirst.»
«Celebrate your wedding ceremony by serving up this triple tiered wedding cake. The gorgeous design make it the perfect centerpiece for any wedding party. Top off your classy wedding by dining on this decadent dessert.» → «Celebrate your wedding ceremony by serving up this triple tiered wedding cake. The gorgeous design make it the perfect centrepiece for any wedding party. Top off your classy wedding by dining on this decadent dessert.»
«When your study materials look this messy, everyone will know you've just been too busy hitting the books to have time to actually organize them. Use care when you dig through the stack to find your homework—you never know what you will pull out: a dirty sock, old slices of pizza, or perhaps even a lost gnome!» → «When your study materials look this messy, everyone will know you've just been too busy hitting the books to have time to actually organise them. Use care when you dig through the stack to find your homework—you never know what you will pull out: a dirty sock, old slices of pizza, or perhaps even a lost gnome!»
«Daycare» → «Nursery»
«The Mold that Moved» → «The Mould that Moved»
«A distant voice resounds from below, “This treasure is not for the taking!  He who disturbs the red priest of Horus will pay with his life!””» → «A distant voice resounds from below, “This treasure is not for the taking! He who disturbs the red priest of Horus will pay with his life!””»
«Just look at that empty wall: flat, boring and unproductive. Put that lazy vertical plane to work with this simple, sturdy wall shelf. Supports objects weighing up to several pounds.» → «Just look at that empty wall: flat, boring and unproductive. Put that lazy vertical plane to work with this simple, sturdy wall shelf. Supports objects weighing up to several kilograms.»
«Making fire is hard. Why not light up the night by placing a few tropic lanterns? The Tropic Lantern is sure to create the ambience needed for a cozy time with friends.» → «Making fire is hard. Why not light up the night by placing a few tropic lanterns? The Tropic Lantern is sure to create the ambience needed for a cosy time with friends.»
«Power means telling others to wait. Real power means having an entire room and furniture where others are sent to wait.  The Waiting Room: where comfort and shame collide.» → «Power means telling others to wait. Real power means having an entire room and furniture where others are sent to wait. The Waiting Room: where comfort and shame collide.»
«Ahhh… what is it about the cool tang of a lemon snow cone that seems to make all the stress just melt away?» → «Ahhh… what is it about the cool tang of a lemon sorbet that seems to make all the stress just melt away?»
«{OpTarget} recently purchased a ring if this receipt here is telling the truth. If he's got the ring, I wonder why it hasn't been delivered yet? Maybe his trash can will tell the next chapter of this tale?» → «{OpTarget} recently purchased a ring if this receipt here is telling the truth. If he's got the ring, I wonder why it hasn't been delivered yet? Maybe his waste bin will tell the next chapter of this tale?»
«Fertilizer Tab text» → «Fertiliser Tab text»
«Your Sim dreams of adopting a baby boy to bring into the family. Baby boys are a wonderful addition to any family and will surely bring  years of joy for your Sim!» → «Your Sim dreams of adopting a baby boy to bring into the family. Baby boys are a wonderful addition to any family and will surely bring years of joy for your Sim!»
«Traveled in Time» → «Travelled in Time»
«Having moved to the mainland from Hawaii a few years back, the Parrott family seems like an exotic bunch to the country locals. Their troubles are effectively masked by their neighbors believing their mannerisms stem from cultural differences. Kanoa leads a busy life, routinely commuting to the city on business - and perhaps more. Jazlyn however appears to have become meek and downtrodden over the years; can she find the strength to take back her life and come into her own?» → «Having moved to the mainland from Hawaii a few years back, the Parrott family seems like an exotic bunch to the country locals. Their troubles are effectively masked by their neighbours believing their mannerisms stem from cultural differences. Kanoa leads a busy life, routinely commuting to the city on business - and perhaps more. Jazlyn however appears to have become meek and downtrodden over the years; can she find the strength to take back her life and come into her own?»
«In My Truck» → «In My Van»
«The upstairs master bedroom is the highlight of this home.  It has its own entrance for extra privacy.» → «The upstairs master bedroom is the highlight of this home. It has its own entrance for extra privacy.»
«You didn’t spend the entire budget.  Our snobbish {0.SimFirstName} is a going to think it looks cheap.» → «You didn’t spend the entire budget. Our snobbish {0.SimFirstName} is a going to think it looks cheap.»
«You cannot save the game or use Edit Town mode while your family is traveling.» → «You cannot save the game or use Edit Town mode while your family is travelling.»
«Mirror design has become extravagant over the decades, so much so that it can be frustrating to find the perfect frame to fit your desired decor and budget.  Don’t worry! Now you can just get all functionality of any and every mirror, with the Overly Simple Standup Mirror. This is the most cost efficient mirror out on the market!» → «Mirror design has become extravagant over the decades, so much so that it can be frustrating to find the perfect frame to fit your desired decor and budget. Don’t worry! Now you can just get all functionality of any and every mirror, with the Overly Simple Standup Mirror. This is the most cost efficient mirror out on the market!»
«While children pound out song after song on the colorful Rip Co. Xylophone, they're building a strong creative foundation that will last a lifetime. Rip Co. Toys provides kids with all the building blocks they need, instead of just wooden ones.» → «While children pound out song after song on the colourful Rip Co. Xylophone, they're building a strong creative foundation that will last a lifetime. Rip Co. Toys provides kids with all the building blocks they need, instead of just wooden ones.»
«You cannot send a Sim while your family is traveling.» → «You cannot send a Sim while your family is travelling.»
«“So there’s more than meet’s the eye to that old Clan of the Resolute Fist, huh? I always thought there might be something that they’ve kept secret in their organization all these years. I guess if they can’t teach help me with my Martial Arts skill, it would still be interesting to learn more about the organization. Will you tell {2.String} I will come by soon so we can talk more about my membership to the club?"» → «“So there’s more than meet’s the eye to that old Clan of the Resolute Fist, huh? I always thought there might be something that they’ve kept secret in their organization all these years. I guess if they can’t teach help me with my Martial Arts skill, it would still be interesting to learn more about the organisation. Will you tell {2.String} I will come by soon so we can talk more about my membership to the club?"»
«Attend Resume Writing and Interview Techniques Class ({0.Money})» → «Attend CV Writing and Interview Techniques Class ({0.Money})»
«Long ago, a row of mansions lined downtown Bridgeport. The Landgraab Brownstone is now the only one to remain.  Although the once opulent residence has been divided into income producing apartments, the historic garden and elegant façade are largely intact.» → «Long ago, a row of mansions lined downtown Bridgeport. The Landgraab Brownstone is now the only one to remain. Although the once opulent residence has been divided into income producing apartments, the historic garden and elegant façade are largely intact.»
«This beautiful conch brings in the sounds of the sea. There's a rumor that there are others that also let you speak to the sea!» → «This beautiful conch brings in the sounds of the sea. There's a rumour that there are others that also let you speak to the sea!»
«This tree is rumored to be haunted! Even the squirrels stay away...» → «This tree is rumoured to be haunted! Even the squirrels stay away...»
«If only {0.SimFirstName} had been thin enough to get through that tight spot, {MA.he}{FA.she} may have found an ancient lost city.  {MA.He}{FA.She} will just have to be happy with whatever trinkets {MA.he}{FA.she} picked up along the way.» → «If only {0.SimFirstName} had been thin enough to get through that tight spot, {MA.he}{FA.she} may have found an ancient lost city. {MA.He}{FA.She} will just have to be happy with whatever trinkets {MA.he}{FA.she} picked up along the way.»
«Despite losing {MA.his}{FA.her}  footing several times, and adventuring without a friend, {0.SimFirstName} still managed to find some pretty cool stuff.» → «Despite losing {MA.his}{FA.her} footing several times, and adventuring without a friend, {0.SimFirstName} still managed to find some pretty cool stuff.»
«Waber's  Ducky Obstacle» → «Waber's Ducky Obstacle»
«{0.SimName} has become an Ice Personality sculptor.  Ice sculptures made by {0.SimName} will no longer melt!» → «{0.SimName} has become an Ice Personality sculptor. Ice sculptures made by {0.SimName} will no longer melt!»
«If you want to catch a turtle, it shouldn't be too hard - seeing as how they only travel two feet per hour. Any respectable feline should be able to manage that! Your Cat wants to Catch a Turtle.» → «If you want to catch a turtle, it shouldn't be too hard - seeing as how they only travel 60cm (2') per hour. Any respectable feline should be able to manage that! Your Cat wants to Catch a Turtle.»
«Years ago, when the first Cleanesque Alpha was put on the market, few thought it would revolutionize the washing machine market. Boy were they wrong! Today, the Alpha is the industry leader in all things laundry! Its patented double inverted clothing impeller design is unmatched in quality and efficiency!» → «Years ago, when the first Cleanesque Alpha was put on the market, few thought it would revolutionise the washing machine market. Boy were they wrong! Today, the Alpha is the industry leader in all things laundry! Its patented double inverted clothing impeller design is unmatched in quality and efficiency!»
«The local representative was quite pleased to see {OpOwner} continue to improve {MA.his}{FA.her} skill. As a result,  {MA.he}{FA.she} received the full scholarship award!» → «The local representative was quite pleased to see {OpOwner} continue to improve {MA.his}{FA.her} skill. As a result, {MA.he}{FA.she} received the full scholarship award!»
«A little birdie is reporting from your Sim's tour in your friend's town!\n\nSome Sims wouldn't know talent if it slapped them in their plumbob -- your Sim was booed!» → «A little birdie is reporting from your Sim's tour in your friend's town!\n\nSome Sims wouldn't know talent if it slapped them in their plumbob — your Sim was booed!»
«This Double X Window, an exciting new variant of The Classic X Window, will keep you awake at night wondering why you ever thought just one X would do.  Remember X is better with two, or even more when you pair it with The Classic X!» → «This Double X Window, an exciting new variant of The Classic X Window, will keep you awake at night wondering why you ever thought just one X would do. Remember X is better with two, or even more when you pair it with The Classic X!»
«Ever wanted a career in mad science, but couldn’t meet the intellectual and/or psychological requirements? Well, owning the Cloud-inator 9000 is like having a little mad scientist in your pocket. It gives you nothing less than command of the weather (albeit in an extremely localized fashion). It’s easy to operate: just point, shoot, and laugh in the face of nature.» → «Ever wanted a career in mad science, but couldn’t meet the intellectual and/or psychological requirements? Well, owning the Cloud-inator 9000 is like having a little mad scientist in your pocket. It gives you nothing less than command of the weather (albeit in an extremely localised fashion). It’s easy to operate: just point, shoot, and laugh in the face of nature.»
«The bills are overdue and if you’re late to work one more time, you’ll lose your job. Life moves quickly and the Evasion is the car to help you keep up!  Featuring sensible styling, affordable elegance and a steering wheel to control the vehicle's direction, the Evasion is here to keep things extremely normal.» → «The bills are overdue and if you’re late to work one more time, you’ll lose your job. Life moves quickly and the Evasion is the car to help you keep up! Featuring sensible styling, affordable elegance and a steering wheel to control the vehicle's direction, the Evasion is here to keep things extremely normal.»
«Please cancel the game uninstaller, otherwise your game will be uninstalled and your machine will be de-authorized, but your de-authorization will not be recorded on our server!» → «Please cancel the game uninstaller, otherwise your game will be uninstalled and your machine will be de-authorized, but your de-authorisation will not be recorded on our server!»
«I found a few of the cards, but not all of them. The case must go on. {OpSource} seems like a pretty big shopper -- I imagine some of the locals have witnessed these cards in action. I should ask {OpNumEventsGoal} locals about the cards.» → «I found a few of the cards, but not all of them. The case must go on. {OpSource} seems like a pretty big shopper — I imagine some of the locals have witnessed these cards in action. I should ask {OpNumEventsGoal} locals about the cards.»
«Defend Lover's Honor» → «Defend Lover's Honour»
«The Protest that {0.SimName} organized was a huge success! Employed Sims will receive a raise, effective immediately!» → «The Protest that {0.SimName} organised was a huge success! Employed Sims will receive a raise, effective immediately!»
«Similar to "marking a territory", you want to let your Sim know that {MA.he}{FA.she} is your favorite! Your pet wants to mark a Sim to show them some love.» → «Similar to "marking a territory", you want to let your Sim know that {MA.he}{FA.she} is your favourite! Your pet wants to mark a Sim to show them some love.»
«Your horse is feeling maternal, and an important part of being a good mother is making sure that your child doesn't starve.  Your horse wants to Nurse the Foal.» → «Your horse is feeling maternal, and an important part of being a good mother is making sure that your child doesn't starve. Your horse wants to Nurse the Foal.»
«{0.SimName} just tagged {1.SimName} with a dollop of Light Blue Dew! At least {MA.he}{FA.she} went for a soothing pastel color.» → «{0.SimName} just tagged {1.SimName} with a dollop of Light Blue Dew! At least {MA.he}{FA.she} went for a soothing pastel colour.»
«Last year, Diva Doll was a typical high school sophomore. Now, this tween sensation is burning up the charts with hits like “Dream D8” and “Brb 4 Yer Luv.” Her follow-up album, ““U Make Me Lol (in a good way),” is due out sometime next year.» → «Last year, Diva Doll was a typical secondary school sophomore. Now, this tween sensation is burning up the charts with hits like “Dream D8” and “Brb 4 Yer Luv.” Her follow-up album, “U Make Me Lol (in a good way),” is due out sometime next year.»
«The deliberate asymmetry of this piece makes it a unique one from planter shape sculptor Ete Takoyaki.  Known for his regularity in aesthetic balance, this planter is a big departure from boxes and pots to folds and creases.  Whatever will he dig up next?» → «The deliberate asymmetry of this piece makes it a unique one from planter shape sculptor Ete Takoyaki. Known for his regularity in aesthetic balance, this planter is a big departure from boxes and pots to folds and creases. Whatever will he dig up next?»
«{0.SimFirstName} made it through with flying colors!  {0.SimFirstName}'s teammates are impressed and he wins some cash from the betting pool!» → «{0.SimFirstName} made it through with flying colours! {0.SimFirstName}'s teammates are impressed and he wins some cash from the betting pool!»
«Ick! Disgusting! I found a guitar pick that's covered in Sim saliva. Slobbering on musical gear seems like something a stalker would do. I should analyze the saliva at the police station to see if it matches any known criminals.» → «Ick! Disgusting! I found a guitar pick that's covered in Sim saliva. Slobbering on musical gear seems like something a stalker would do. I should analyse the saliva at the police station to see if it matches any known criminals.»
«If palm leaves don't say "tropics" to you, then I don't know what does! Say, "tropics" to all of your neighbors with the Fan Leaf Palm Tree!» → «If palm leaves don't say "tropics" to you, then I don't know what does! Say, "tropics" to all of your neighbours with the Fan Leaf Palm Tree!»
«Any Sim can set foot in a tomb, but only the smartest, bravest Sims have the resolve to fully explore a tomb! Rumors say that the end of tombs contain treasures beyond imagine for Sims brave enough to navigate the traps and tricks of the tomb. Your Sim wants to explore the entirety of a tomb!» → «Any Sim can set foot in a tomb, but only the smartest, bravest Sims have the resolve to fully explore a tomb! Rumours say that the end of tombs contain treasures beyond imagine for Sims brave enough to navigate the traps and tricks of the tomb. Your Sim wants to explore the entirety of a tomb!»
«Click to reduce the catalog size.» → «Click to reduce the catalogue size.»
«The cold season is near and nothing ruins a day like being stuck at home with the flu. Get your ounce of prevention at the local hospital!» → «The cold season is near and nothing ruins a day like being stuck at home with the flu. Get your gram of prevention at the local hospital!»
«We intended to explain how this table lamp was inspired by the petals of exotic flowers found along the shores of deep forest streams, but then we found out that the artist came up with this design right after eating one of those “fried onion” appetizers at a family restaurant.» → «We intended to explain how this table lamp was inspired by the petals of exotic flowers found along the shores of deep forest streams, but then we found out that the artist came up with this design right after eating one of those “fried onion” appetisers at a family restaurant.»
«The Cozinator 450» → «The Cosinator 450»
«Favorite color discovered!» → «Favourite colour discovered!»
«Each bar changes color to reflect the current status of a particular need. If a need is low enough or high enough to prompt a moodlet the moodlet icon is visible next to the related need.» → «Each bar changes colour to reflect the current status of a particular need. If a need is low enough or high enough to prompt a moodlet the moodlet icon is visible next to the related need.»
«Summon Time Traveler» → «Summon Time Traveller»
«Cursed gnomes! I thought they were here to sell  their delightful cookies but it was a trap. Please catch them before they drive me crazy!» → «Cursed gnomes! I thought they were here to sell their delightful biscuits but it was a trap. Please catch them before they drive me crazy!»
«These fiendish gnomes materialized out of nowhere and began causing mischief. Please catch them before they cause too much trouble!» → «These fiendish gnomes materialised out of nowhere and began causing mischief. Please catch them before they cause too much trouble!»
«The confines of household televisions are not sufficient for your budding stardom. The studio has pushed you to the big screen in theaters nationwide, albeit in a Supporting {MA.Actor}{FA.Actress} role. Keep flashing those pearly whites at hotspots around town and soon you'll be so popular that your acting abilities won't even be taken into account!\\n\\n{0.SimName} has received the Limo carpool and will ride in style to work.» → «The confines of household televisions are not sufficient for your budding stardom. The studio has pushed you to the big screen in cinemas nationwide, albeit in a Supporting {MA.Actor}{FA.Actress} role. Keep flashing those pearly whites at hotspots around town and soon you'll be so popular that your acting abilities won't even be taken into account!\\n\\n{0.SimName} has received the Limo carpool and will ride in style to work.»
«Color Numbers» → «Colour Numbers»
«An all-purpose, eye-catching, crowd-drawing piece of flourescent signage for any lonely wall or venue.» → «An all-purpose, eye-catching, crowd-drawing piece of flourescent signage for any lonely wall or venue.»
«{0.SimFirstName} is ready to start examining patients at {1.String}.  The session will last for {2.Number} hours.» → «{0.SimFirstName} is ready to start examining patients at {1.String}. The session will last for {2.Number} hours.»
«The most beautiful of plants, especially for the deepest dry desert, the Desert Lotus will beautify any garden. Evolved from lesser desert scrub, the Lotus can withstand the most brutal of sand lashings and seasons without precipitation, and is a constant reminder that immense beauty can always survive without expensive moisturization products.» → «The most beautiful of plants, especially for the deepest dry desert, the Desert Lotus will beautify any garden. Evolved from lesser desert scrub, the Lotus can withstand the most brutal of sand lashings and seasons without precipitation, and is a constant reminder that immense beauty can always survive without expensive moisturisation products.»
«Dive Bar Headliner» → «Pub Headliner»
«Dive Bar Opening Act» → «Pub Opening Act»
«Subway Trawler» → «Underground Metro Trawler»
«{0.SimFirstName} just took a beat up {1.ObjectName}.  It is now in the family inventory.» → «{0.SimFirstName} just took a beat up {1.ObjectName}. It is now in the family inventory.»
«The city council was lucky enough to attract the skills of self-proclaimed Horse Lord Horus E. Quine to the local equestrian center.  He will be giving free lessons and tips to those that bring their horses there today.» → «The city council was lucky enough to attract the skills of self-proclaimed Horse Lord Horus E. Quine to the local equestrian centre. He will be giving free lessons and tips to those that bring their horses there today.»
«{2.SimName} just reeled in an Excellent {FishName}. {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember the exceptional form and desirable color of the fishy catch!» → «{2.SimName} just reeled in an Excellent {FishName}. {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember the exceptional form and desirable colour of the fishy catch!»
«Get Drinks With Pack ({0.Money})» → «Get Drinks With Pack ({0.Money})»
«Craig comes from the same small town as Emily and is looking forward to a change in scenery. Like his new wife Emily, Craig was bored with his small town and had always dreamed of life in a big city. He’s never left the confines of his small town before, but Craig’s ready to make that big step with Emily at his side. Craig took a job as a Paper Boy which he hopes will take him around town and allow him to see the town’s wonders, like beaches and mountains - things he’s only ever seen before on TV.» → «Craig comes from the same small town as Emily and is looking forward to a change in scenery. Like his new wife Emily, Craig was bored with his small town and had always dreamt of life in a big city. He’s never left the confines of his small town before, but Craig’s ready to make that big step with Emily at his side. Craig took a job as a Paper Boy which he hopes will take him around town and allow him to see the town’s wonders, like beaches and mountains - things he’s only ever seen before on TV.»
«A Diabolical Detonator has detonated {0.Number} objects.  As a reward, it costs them less to Detonate stuff, they get more Scrap out of it and they're less likely to get fined!» → «A Diabolical Detonator has detonated {0.Number} objects. As a reward, it costs them less to Detonate stuff, they get more Scrap out of it and they're less likely to get fined!»
«Excellent Elixirs requires that {0.Number} elixirs be mixed.  Once you have achieved this challenge, you will be able to create {1.Number} elixirs each time you Mix Elixirs at the Alchemy Station.» → «Excellent Elixirs requires that {0.Number} elixirs be mixed. Once you have achieved this challenge, you will be able to create {1.Number} elixirs each time you Mix Elixirs at the Alchemy Station.»
«There is an increasing need for tasteful and decorative sculptures that can be used as targets for the Science Facility's new Simdron Multi-Beam Array. The science facility needs {OpOwner} to make and deliver Widgets so they can begin testing  the array immediately. It should be quite rewarding, plus {OpOwner} might get to see some of the "tests."» → «There is an increasing need for tasteful and decorative sculptures that can be used as targets for the Science Facility's new Simdron Multi-Beam Array. The science facility needs {OpOwner} to make and deliver Widgets so they can begin testing the array immediately. It should be quite rewarding, plus {OpOwner} might get to see some of the "tests."»
«{0.SimFirstName} got a letter from {1.SimName}! It says: “Thinking about you. Do you think people can pinpoint the exact moment when they realize they are ‘more than friends?’”» → «{0.SimFirstName} got a letter from {1.SimName}! It says: “Thinking about you. Do you think people can pinpoint the exact moment when they realise they are ‘more than friends?’”»
«{0.SimFirstName} just got a letter in the mail from {1.SimName}! It reads: "I have a crush on you but couldn't tell you in person. I hope you feel the same."» → «{0.SimFirstName} just got a letter in the post from {1.SimName}! It reads: "I have a crush on you but couldn't tell you in person. I hope you feel the same."»
«Your campaign manager thinks it might be good to give the impression that you are well travelled and interested in other cultures. Bring some Relics to work to decorate your office and watch the donations roll in.» → «Your campaign manager thinks it might be good to give the impression that you are well travelled and interested in other cultures. Bring some Relics to work to decorate your office and watch the donations roll in.»
«Telling a joke is a great way to win friends, but some Sims need encouragement to share their sense of humor with others. Your Sim wants to convince another Sim to tell a joke.» → «Telling a joke is a great way to win friends, but some Sims need encouragement to share their sense of humour with others. Your Sim wants to convince another Sim to tell a joke.»
«Peroxide Platinum Record  "The Mane Event"» → «Peroxide Platinum Record "The Mane Event"»
«Skin Color» → «Skin Colour»
«The purchaser of this reward receives a Clone Voucher. Redeem it at the Science Facility to have a Child-aged clone of your Sim join your household!  You cannot purchase this reward if your household is full.» → «The purchaser of this reward receives a Clone Voucher. Redeem it at the Science Facility to have a Child-aged clone of your Sim join your household! You cannot purchase this reward if your household is full.»
«Welcome to Edit Town!  Here, you can move, build on, or bulldoze any lot in town, manage where Sims live, and perform many other functions to alter the world to your liking.» → «Welcome to Edit Town! Here, you can move, build on, or bulldoze any lot in town, manage where Sims live, and perform many other functions to alter the world to your liking.»
«A tile roof in the color of seafoam.» → «A tile roof in the colour of seafoam.»
«Luminous green leaves and a sweet spring aroma make the Bradford Pear a favorite for parks and other open spaces. Sadly, this stunted variant produces no edible fruit.» → «Luminous green leaves and a sweet spring aroma make the Bradford Pear a favourite for parks and other open spaces. Sadly, this stunted variant produces no edible fruit.»
«Oh no!  Some young Sims may be left behind because there weren't enough other Sims to carry them.» → «Oh no! Some young Sims may be left behind because there weren't enough other Sims to carry them.»
«Tired of carrying that boombox around on your shoulder? Ever wish you could drown out your significant other's talking with something more pleasant sounding? With a breakthrough in portable electronics, now you can!  No longer do you need to be home to rock out to your favorite tunes or tune out unpleasant noises. So put on the headphones, crank up the volume, and be prepared for a new way to listen to music.» → «Tired of carrying that boombox around on your shoulder? Ever wish you could drown out your significant other's talking with something more pleasant sounding? With a breakthrough in portable electronics, now you can! No longer do you need to be home to rock out to your favourite tunes or tune out unpleasant noises. So put on the headphones, crank up the volume, and be prepared for a new way to listen to music.»
«Mom's House» → «Mum's House»
«Oops! You showed up at the Holo Theater without the funds to buy a ticket.» → «Oops! You showed up at the Holo Cinema without the funds to buy a ticket.»
«No one knows who leaves behind all these colored eggs, but your Sim wants to collect them all! Head to the festival grounds during Spring time to hunt for these decorated Festival eggs.» → «No one knows who leaves behind all these coloured eggs, but your Sim wants to collect them all! Head to the festival grounds during Spring time to hunt for these decorated Festival eggs.»
«You’ll flip for the Swellegant Sofa! It’s a modern marvel - efficient, sophisticated, and thoroughly laboratory-tested to ensure the comfort of family members of all ages. This sofa is perfect addition to any pad,  and that’s the word from the bird!» → «You’ll flip for the Swellegant Sofa! It’s a modern marvel - efficient, sophisticated, and thoroughly laboratory-tested to ensure the comfort of family members of all ages. This sofa is perfect addition to any pad, and that’s the word from the bird!»
«You can't hide your bad actions any more. The public has scrutinized your inappropriate behavior all over town. How shameful!» → «You can't hide your bad actions any more. The public has scrutinised your inappropriate behavior all over town. How shameful!»
«The Society for the Conservation of Technological Improvements is worried about mounting criticism of excess technology in town. They'd like {OpOwner} to canvas the neighborhood and make sure Sims know that technology is cool, fun, and mostly safe. It would really help if {OpOwner} could convince {OpNumEventsGoal} citizens to not vote against the Society's tech initiatives. When finished, report to City Hall for a reward!» → «The Society for the Conservation of Technological Improvements is worried about mounting criticism of excess technology in town. They'd like {OpOwner} to canvas the neighbourhood and make sure Sims know that technology is cool, fun, and mostly safe. It would really help if {OpOwner} could convince {OpNumEventsGoal} citizens to not vote against the Society's tech initiatives. When finished, report to City Hall for a reward!»
«Kim is the artistic type, mostly content to whittle the days away painting animals and tending to her "babies". Her maternal clock is definitely ticking though, and as long as she's unable to get pregnant, she'll keep bringing more pets into her life. Will she get to become the mother she's always dreamed of being?» → «Kim is the artistic type, mostly content to whittle the days away painting animals and tending to her "babies". Her maternal clock is definitely ticking though, and as long as she's unable to get pregnant, she'll keep bringing more pets into her life. Will she get to become the mother she's always dreamt of being?»
«Spared from demolition during the construction of the new stadium, Bridgeport Arms still boasts large apartments and partial views in a quiet neighborhood…except for when there is a game.» → «Spared from demolition during the construction of the new stadium, Bridgeport Arms still boasts large apartments and partial views in a quiet neighbourhood…except for when there is a match.»
«Sinbad is really not that bad of a guy, or at least he doesn't think so. He got caught up  running with a bad crowd, and now he's in too deep to get out. Will he dive in deeper, or look to his friends for help?» → «Sinbad is really not that bad of a guy, or at least he doesn't think so. He got caught up running with a bad crowd, and now he's in too deep to get out. Will he dive in deeper, or look to his friends for help?»
«Oh, {0.SimFirstName} hopes they play {MA.his}{FA.her} favorite song!» → «Oh, {0.SimFirstName} hopes they play {MA.his}{FA.her} favourite song!»
«Distance Jogged: {0.Number} Kilometers» → «Distance Jogged: {0.Number} Kilometres»
«A straightforward utility design, BitBot carries out a wide range of domestic functions. It’s highly reliable; so helpful that Maria sometimes feels patronized. BitBot is physically incapable of understanding this.» → «A straightforward utility design, BitBot carries out a wide range of domestic functions. It’s highly reliable; so helpful that Maria sometimes feels patronised. BitBot is physically incapable of understanding this.»
«The wife of late Jimmy Lemmon, Yolanda decided to stay in town after her husband died, since she loves her big house so much.  She keeps mostly to herself, staying home to paint, and she doesn’t like socializing in large groups.  Yolanda has a lot of wealth left over from her days as a partner act with Jimmy, and she continues to perform solo all over town.» → «The wife of late Jimmy Lemmon, Yolanda decided to stay in town after her husband died, since she loves her big house so much. She keeps mostly to herself, staying home to paint, and she doesn’t like socialising in large groups. Yolanda has a lot of wealth left over from her days as a partner act with Jimmy, and she continues to perform solo all over town.»
«When not on a job, higher level Ghost Hunters can use their tools to Scan the neighborhood for hidden Spirits. Town Hall will often reward Ghost Hunters for capturing large amounts of Spirits.» → «When not on a job, higher level Ghost Hunters can use their tools to Scan the neighbourhood for hidden Spirits. Town Hall will often reward Ghost Hunters for capturing large amounts of Spirits.»
«Enter a comma seperated list for the Red, Green and Blue values.  Valid values are 0 - 255.  Example: 200,75,100» → «Enter a comma seperated list for the Red, Green and Blue values. Valid values are 0 - 255. Example: 200,75,100»
«This Egyptian Deco building is adjacent to downtown nightlife and  boasts some odd shaped landscaping.  Perhaps a Sim who has travelled to Egypt would have the answer?» → «This Egyptian Deco building is adjacent to downtown nightlife and boasts some odd shaped landscaping. Perhaps a Sim who has travelled to Egypt would have the answer?»
«Back then, you had no way of knowing how important this Time Traveler would become…» → «Back then, you had no way of knowing how important this Time Traveller would become…»
«A Sim and a President» → «A Sim and a Prime Minister»
«The Millers are one of the most well-liked families in all of Appaloosa. They've built a reputation as trustworthy humanitarians with their strong family values and unending generosity. As fate would have it, they live right next door to the Riffins - certainly a bunch that could use a helping hand. As Quincy and Jacquie keep a watchful eye over their young neighbors, will the seemingly innocent Maisy take her own special interest in Calvin Riffin?» → «The Millers are one of the most well-liked families in all of Appaloosa. They've built a reputation as trustworthy humanitarians with their strong family values and unending generosity. As fate would have it, they live right next door to the Riffins - certainly a bunch that could use a helping hand. As Quincy and Jacquie keep a watchful eye over their young neighbours, will the seemingly innocent Maisy take her own special interest in Calvin Riffin?»
«Got yourself a fancy window? Not until you’ve got a set of Clive’s Fancy Window Hangs on ‘em, you don’t! Five minutes to install and BAM! You’re in Fancytown. No, you’re the mayor of Fancytown. You’re leading the Fancytown parade in your honor! You can all thank Clive later.» → «Got yourself a fancy window? Not until you’ve got a set of Clive’s Fancy Window Hangs on ‘em, you don’t! Five minutes to install and BAM! You’re in Fancytown. No, you’re the mayor of Fancytown. You’re leading the Fancytown parade in your honour! You can all thank Clive later.»
«Author's Honor Trophy» → «Author's Honour Trophy»
«Want the prestige and honor of owning a camel, but don't have the required wealth to barter for one? The faux Camel is perfect for you!» → «Want the prestige and honour of owning a camel, but don't have the required wealth to barter for one? The faux Camel is perfect for you!»
«Your cat knows exactly what will make a Sim happy!  From a chewed up bird to a badly frightened mouse, cats are great at picking out gifts and, boy, are they smug about it. Your cat wants to Present a Gift to a Sim.» → «Your cat knows exactly what will make a Sim happy! From a chewed up bird to a badly frightened mouse, cats are great at picking out gifts and, boy, are they smug about it. Your cat wants to Present a Gift to a Sim.»
«Young Sims can now be punished for causing trouble around the house and throughout their neighborhood. Fighting with their siblings, missing school, and pulling pranks are just a few of the things that can get a Sim in trouble with their parents.» → «Young Sims can now be punished for causing trouble around the house and throughout their neighbourhood. Fighting with their siblings, missing school, and pulling pranks are just a few of the things that can get a Sim in trouble with their parents.»
«Troublemakers will be scolded by an adult for most offenses, but the more trouble a Sim causes, the more severe the punishment will be. Disobedient Sims can be banned from playing with their favorite toys, put on timeouts, or even grounded for the highest of offenses.» → «Troublemakers will be scolded by an adult for most offences, but the more trouble a Sim causes, the more severe the punishment will be. Disobedient Sims can be banned from playing with their favourite toys, put on timeouts, or even grounded for the highest of offences.»
«At Contemptuous Office Furnishings we believe that the desk you write on says a lot about you. Consequently, we also believe our customer says a lot about us. The Pretentious Desk: recommended for elitists, bureaucrats, and, our personal favorite, the super rich.» → «At Contemptuous Office Furnishings we believe that the desk you write on says a lot about you. Consequently, we also believe our customer says a lot about us. The Pretentious Desk: recommended for elitists, bureaucrats, and, our personal favourite, the super rich.»
«{0.SimFirstName} always knew {MA.he}{FA.she} hated certain colors. It turns out that drinks of that color are just as awful.» → «{0.SimFirstName} always knew {MA.he}{FA.she} hated certain colours. It turns out that drinks of that colour are just as awful.»
«Shy pets prefer spending time with their favorite Sim rather than other pets.» → «Shy pets prefer spending time with their favourite Sim rather than other pets.»
«Move to Front Center Edge» → «Move to Front Centre Edge»
«WooHoo in the Gypsy Caravan as a Witch» → «WooHoo in the Fortune Caravan as a Witch»
«Elementary school days have flown by and {0.SimFirstName} is now a teenager! Would you like {0.SimFirstName} to remain enrolled in the School of Peace and Love? This will cost an additional {2.Money}. {0.SimFirstName} can learn how to frolic and the true meaning of peace on earth.» → «Primary school days have flown by and {0.SimFirstName} is now a teenager! Would you like {0.SimFirstName} to remain enrolled in the School of Peace and Love? This will cost an additional {2.Money}. {0.SimFirstName} can learn how to frolic and the true meaning of peace on earth.»
«Five years ago, the rumor of artist Nick D's death spread through the art world and inspired a wave of purchases of his soon-to-be valuable art. As it turned out, he was just an incredibly sound sleeper, but the attention given to his work by this event has transformed art critics' opinion of him into one of the world's greatest living artists.» → «Five years ago, the rumour of artist Nick D's death spread through the art world and inspired a wave of purchases of his soon-to-be valuable art. As it turned out, he was just an incredibly sound sleeper, but the attention given to his work by this event has transformed art critics' opinion of him into one of the world's greatest living artists.»
«Welcome back, weary traveler! Once you’ve recovered from your inter-dimensional journey, you’ll see your new household.» → «Welcome back, weary traveller! Once you’ve recovered from your inter-dimensional journey, you’ll see your new household.»
«Movin' on up! You've dominated the local scene and now you're looking for a bigger and tougher challenge. You'll be pitted against the best of the best in the International Circuit. Your Sim wishes to enter an International Jumping Competition.» → «Movin' on up! You've dominated the local scene and now you're looking for a bigger and tougher challenge. You'll be pitted against the best of the best on the International Tour. Your Sim wishes to enter an International Jumping Competition.»
«An encounter with colored Dew has turned {0.SimFirstName} ocean blue! One might say {MA.he’s}{FA.she’s} feeling rather blue.» → «An encounter with coloured Dew has turned {0.SimFirstName} ocean blue! One might say {MA.he’s}{FA.she’s} feeling rather blue.»
«Tour Command Center With...» → «Tour Command Centre With...»
«It's okay to crave attention from time to time, because that nourishment helps little Sims grow up to be great! Your Sim desires a little attention from Mom. See if she wants to play or chat!» → «It's okay to crave attention from time to time, because that nourishment helps little Sims grow up to be great! Your Sim desires a little attention from Mum. See if she wants to play or chat!»
«Allowing a horse to starve is quite cruel!  Get {0.SimFirstName} some grass or hay immediately to avoid and unnecessary visit from a social worker.» → «Allowing a horse to starve is quite cruel! Get {0.SimFirstName} some grass or hay immediately to avoid and unnecessary visit from a social worker.»
«You know how there’s the alternative club you go to, and then when you get bored of it you find the alternative to that? The club that the normal Sims won’t go to, either because they’re scared or because they don’t even realize it’s there? This lounger was designed for that club, but now you can have it in your home!» → «You know how there’s the alternative club you go to, and then when you get bored of it you find the alternative to that? The club that the normal Sims won’t go to, either because they’re scared or because they don’t even realise it’s there? This lounger was designed for that club, but now you can have it in your home!»
«Test:  {MA.Male0. Male0. Male0}{FA.Female0}{MB.Male1}{FB.Female1}: EndTest» → «Test: {MA.Male0. Male0. Male0}{FA.Female0}{MB.Male1}{FB.Female1}: EndTest»
« Just A Little Bit» → «Just A Little Bit»
«Welcome to The Sims 3! Use the buttons below to get started.» → «Welcome to The Sims 3! Use the buttons below to get started.»
«Trash Cans» → «Waste Bins»
«The beatnik crowd really dug your playing. In fact, they've made a pact to knit their berets to look like cymbals in honor of {OpOwner}.» → «The beatnik crowd really dug your playing. In fact, they've made a pact to knit their berets to look like cymbals in honour of {OpOwner}.»
«Diner Menu» → «Eatery Menu»
«Best Fertilizer Strength» → «Best Fertiliser Strength»
«Be the envy of the rich and famous with this window. This isosceles trapezoid is the pinnacle of home decor science! Engineered to fill the house with polarized light that will not fade the furniture, this load bearing window can also support over 2000 metric tons of pressure. Are you building a house or a submarine? Why not both? With Trapezium, you get it all!» → «Be the envy of the rich and famous with this window. This isosceles trapezoid is the pinnacle of home decor science! Engineered to fill the house with polarised light that will not fade the furniture, this load bearing window can also support over 2000 metric tons of pressure. Are you building a house or a submarine? Why not both? With Trapezium, you get it all!»
«Defend your modern castle with the latest technology in isosceles trapezoids - Now with 25% more protective flashing to reduce intrusion by annoying bricks and arrows. That's right, you can feel extra safe without giving up an ounce of tasteful cutting edge fashion! With Trapezium, you get it all!» → «Defend your modern castle with the latest technology in isosceles trapezoids - Now with 25% more protective flashing to reduce intrusion by annoying bricks and arrows. That's right, you can feel extra safe without giving up a gram of tasteful cutting edge fashion! With Trapezium, you get it all!»
«{OpTarget} was of course relieved to find out there weren't any stalkers, but I could see the internal conflict brewing when {OpTargetFirstName} found out the stalkers were all in the head. I'm not sure what's worse -- being stalked, or being one's own worst enemy. Case closed.» → «{OpTarget} was of course relieved to find out there weren't any stalkers, but I could see the internal conflict brewing when {OpTargetFirstName} found out the stalkers were all in the head. I'm not sure what's worse — being stalked, or being one's own worst enemy. Case closed.»
«Taco Truck Dreams» → «Taco Van Dreams»
«I wouldn't even know the supermarket is out of fruit -- I've been buying them from {OpTarget} lately.» → «I wouldn't even know the supermarket is out of fruit — I've been buying them from {OpTarget} lately.»
«That was a brawl of epic proportions! It's an honor just to have matched fisticuffs with this crowd.» → «That was a brawl of epic proportions! It's an honour just to have matched fisticuffs with this crowd.»
«{2.SimName} just reached the top level of the Daycare Career. {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember how exhausted {MA.he}{FA.she} felt after a day of chasing the kids around.» → «{2.SimName} just reached the top level of the Nursery Career. {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember how exhausted {MA.he}{FA.she} felt after a day of chasing the kids around.»
«Since orange is the most eye-grabbing color, Orange Dew calls out to ostentatious Sims.» → «Since orange is the most eye-grabbing colour, Orange Dew calls out to ostentatious Sims.»
«Realizing how easy zombies have it, {0.SimName} decided to chug a Zombification elixir, stagger around for a little while, and turn off {MA.his}{FA.her} braaaaiiiiiinnn…» → «Realising how easy zombies have it, {0.SimName} decided to chug a Zombification elixir, stagger around for a little while, and turn off {MA.his}{FA.her} braaaaiiiiiinnn…»
«A really ruined column from the ruins of an ancient civilization.» → «A really ruined column from the ruins of an ancient civilisation.»
«You need at least 2 Adult Sims in a household to go on tour.  Someone needs to stay behind to keep an eye on the neighbors!» → «You need at least 2 Adult Sims in a household to go on tour. Someone needs to stay behind to keep an eye on the neighbours!»
«Sims may come up to your Sim for an autograph or even take a picture. Beware, there are rumors of paparazzis taking notice of popular Celebrities that your Sim will encounter.» → «Sims may come up to your Sim for an autograph or even take a picture. Beware, there are rumours of paparazzis taking notice of popular Celebrities that your Sim will encounter.»
«Neat freaks will rejoice at the sight of the Well-Kept Urban Trash Can. Place a trash can in your town that is as clean as those litter free streets.» → «Neat freaks will rejoice at the sight of the Well-Kept Urban Waste Bin. Place a waste bin in your town that is as clean as those litter free streets.»
«Congratulations! {0.SimName}  has achieved the title of Master Alchemist and has completed the Master Alchemist Skill Challenge! Check {0.SimName}’s Skill Journal for information about the reward.» → «Congratulations! {0.SimName} has achieved the title of Master Alchemist and has completed the Master Alchemist Skill Challenge! Check {0.SimName}’s Skill Journal for information about the reward.»
«An unusual floor plan marks this one as unique. You’re sure to make lots of new friends when the neighbors gather around the front door, hoping for peek inside.» → «An unusual floor plan marks this one as unique. You’re sure to make lots of new friends when the neighbours gather around the front door, hoping for peek inside.»
«Inspired by the sleeping conditions on Navy ships (only more spacious!), Stacked and Racked  bunk beds feature bilateral ladders and heavy-duty guardrails for even the most spastic sleeper.» → «Inspired by the sleeping conditions on Navy ships (only more spacious!), Stacked and Racked bunk beds feature bilateral ladders and heavy-duty guardrails for even the most spastic sleeper.»
«The {0.String} flavor with hints of {1.String} would really go well with dinner.» → «The {0.String} Flavour with hints of {1.String} would really go well with dinner.»
«I can't get enough of this!  The {0.String} tones match really well with the {1.String}.» → «I can't get enough of this! The {0.String} tones match really well with the {1.String}.»
«This is great!  The nose is {0.String} with wonderful {1.String} undertones!» → «This is great! The nose is {0.String} with wonderful {1.String} undertones!»
«Delicious!  This is {0.String} with a strong hint of {1.String}.» → «Delicious! This is {0.String} with a strong hint of {1.String}.»
«A representative from {OpTarget} is interested in obtaining a consignment of Scrap. The representative claims the reformed local crime lord has turned over a new leaf and wishes to build an army of toys to deliver to the children at the next holiday. The representative would like {OpOwner} to provide Scrap in exchange for a cash payment and the goodwill of the warehouse employees.» → «A representative from {OpTarget} is interested in obtaining a thrift of Scrap. The representative claims the reformed local crime lord has turned over a new leaf and wishes to build an army of toys to deliver to the children at the next holiday. The representative would like {OpOwner} to provide Scrap in exchange for a cash payment and the goodwill of the warehouse employees.»
«You have reached the top tier of daycare abilities. You learned the "Joys of Children" and "Admonish Child" social interactions. As icing on the cake you have been rewarded your very own daycare van!» → «You have reached the top tier of nursery abilities. You learned the "Joys of Children" and "Admonish Child" social interactions. As icing on the cake you have been rewarded your very own nursery van!»
«Congratulations, you have unlocked a new daycare uniform!» → «Congratulations, you have unlocked a new nursery uniform!»
«A stylish, lightweight stereo ideal for teens and college-bound students. Specially-modulated speakers project gorgeous sound while dampening the bass notes. Blast your jams without enraging parents or nosy neighbors.» → «A stylish, lightweight stereo ideal for teens and university-bound students. Specially-modulated speakers project gorgeous sound while dampening the bass notes. Blast your jams without enraging parents or nosy neighbors.»
«Movie Theatre...» → «Movie Cinema...»
«{0.SimName} has information on the City Hall story the paper has been trying to crack for weeks. {0.SimName} has the information; you just need to get it. Become friends with {0.SimName} somehow and get the details for the story. Who knows, such an evening might get you the story, a raise, a job performance increase...  maybe even a little romance!» → «{0.SimName} has information on the City Hall story the paper has been trying to crack for weeks. {0.SimName} has the information; you just need to get it. Become friends with {0.SimName} somehow and get the details for the story. Who knows, such an evening might get you the story, a raise, a job performance increase... maybe even a little romance!»
«Every inch of bare space on your wall is an insult to a lifetime of unique memories. You’ve lived, haven’t you? You’ve taken photographs that chronicle your unique adventure through life? Get those memories up on the wall where they belong. Coat the walls with snapshots of your journey, and touring the house will feel like walking around inside your own brain!» → «Every centimetre of bare space on your wall is an insult to a lifetime of unique memories. You’ve lived, haven’t you? You’ve taken photographs that chronicle your unique adventure through life? Get those memories up on the wall where they belong. Coat the walls with snapshots of your journey, and touring the house will feel like walking around inside your own brain!»
«Learn Someone's Favorite Food» → «Learn Someone's Favourite Food»
«Smash Colorful Pinatas For Fun And Profit» → «Smash Colourful Piñatas For Fun And Profit»
«• Your Sim gets increased relationship gains with the boss and co-workers when socializing.» → «• Your Sim gets increased relationship gains with the boss and co-workers when socialising.»
«A visit to Egypt was a feast for the senses: the colorful marketplace, wistful snake charmers melodies, and the smell of desert sand in the air.» → «A visit to Egypt was a feast for the senses: the colourful marketplace, wistful snake charmers melodies, and the smell of desert sand in the air.»
«Being a Professional Horse{MA.man}{FA.woman} requires a love of all things Horse. Push yourself and your mount to your limits, and you'll soon be a celebrated rider and trainer. But don't think it's all braided manes and fancy saddles -- you'll encounter your fair share of horse fertilizer along the way.» → «Being a Professional Horse{MA.man}{FA.woman} requires a love of all things Horse. Push yourself and your mount to your limits, and you'll soon be a celebrated rider and trainer. But don't think it's all braided manes and fancy saddles — you'll encounter your fair share of horse Fertiliser along the way.»
«Favorite Color» → «Favourite Colour»
«Congratulations on completing a new '{0.String}' remodel!  Would you like to take a photo for your Portfolio?» → «Congratulations on completing a new '{0.String}' remodel! Would you like to take a photo for your Portfolio?»
«For the bold Sim looking to make a statement, the Ratatask sports hovercar is an obvious choice. Howl up and down the boulevards--everyone else will be terribly impressed!» → «For the bold Sim looking to make a statement, the Ratatask sports hovercar is an obvious choice. Howl up and down the boulevards—everyone else will be terribly impressed!»
«At the end of your or your loved one’s life, an end table is the perfect piece of furniture to symbolize passing on. Equip your tomb today to be properly prepared!» → «At the end of your or your loved one’s life, an end table is the perfect piece of furniture to symbolise passing on. Equip your tomb today to be properly prepared!»
«Professor Malevolent is stepping up to the plate with another crackpot threat to instantly vaporize all llamas from the face of the planet. The bad news is that all of the local Mad Scientists are busy stopping Mr. Doom Handler and his moon exploding experiment. {OpSource} understands that {OpOwner} is a master Inventor and can possibly end this threat. Will {OpOwner} help save the llamas and, thereby, the world?» → «Professor Malevolent is stepping up to the plate with another crackpot threat to instantly vaporise all llamas from the face of the planet. The bad news is that all of the local Mad Scientists are busy stopping Mr. Doom Handler and his moon exploding experiment. {OpSource} understands that {OpOwner} is a master Inventor and can possibly end this threat. Will {OpOwner} help save the llamas and, thereby, the world?»
«This chair means business. Simple space-age structures support your rear with just enough rigid discomfort to keep your mind focused. Ideal for libraries, offices or college dormitories.» → «This chair means business. Simple space-age structures support your rear with just enough rigid discomfort to keep your mind focused. Ideal for libraries, offices or university dormitories.»
«{0.SimFirstName} overheard at a small cafe a discussion on how hard it is to take care of children. Snidely, {0.SimFirstName} remarked that children are the most important product anyone can make. One of the Sims there left very thoughtful, and it might have been one of {0.SimFirstName}'s ancestors. Hopefully that didn't change time.» → «{0.SimFirstName} overheard at a small café a discussion on how hard it is to take care of children. Snidely, {0.SimFirstName} remarked that children are the most important product anyone can make. One of the Sims there left very thoughtful, and it might have been one of {0.SimFirstName}'s ancestors. Hopefully that didn't change time.»
«{0.SimFirstName} was rushing through a packed street and managed to save an orphan from being trampled.  Another Sim saw this and exclaimed aloud how children are so important and that we should have more of them.  This Sim looked suspiciously similar to {0.SimFirstName}, but hopefully that doesn't mean anything.» → «{0.SimFirstName} was rushing through a packed street and managed to save an orphan from being trampled. Another Sim saw this and exclaimed aloud how children are so important and that we should have more of them. This Sim looked suspiciously similar to {0.SimFirstName}, but hopefully that doesn't mean anything.»
«This junk pile has already been detonated today.  Come back tomorrow and try again.» → «This junk pile has already been detonated today. Come back tomorrow and try again.»
«Place this on your lot to give off that "lumberjack" vibe to your neighbors.» → «Place this on your lot to give off that "lumberjack" vibe to your neighbours.»
«Charity Game» → «Charity Match»
«Nothing says comfort food and dated decor like a diner sign.» → «Nothing says comfort food and dated decor like an eatery sign.»
«Mmm… Certain flavors instantly put {0.SimFirstName} in the spirit of the season, and the sweet spiciness of eggnog definitely makes the list.» → «Mmm… Certain flavours instantly put {0.SimFirstName} in the spirit of the season, and the sweet spiciness of eggnog definitely makes the list.»
«Some of the items you consigned went unsold. They will be mailed back to you.» → «Some of the items you consigned went unsold. They will be posted back to you.»
«If this group outing were an ice-cream flavor, it would be vanilla. Just plain artificial vanilla, not even french vanilla or vanilla bean.» → «If this group outing were an ice-cream flavour, it would be vanilla. Just plain artificial vanilla, not even french vanilla or vanilla bean.»
«Want to help your neighbor completely redesign their kitchen? Do you love picking just the right paisley rug to match that old couch? Sims all over town will be begging you to come over and help them with their home remodeling projects. So get out your measuring tape and your sledgehammer and let’s paint the town sienna!» → «Want to help your neighbour completely redesign their kitchen? Do you love picking just the right paisley rug to match that old couch? Sims all over town will be begging you to come over and help them with their home remodeling projects. So get out your measuring tape and your sledgehammer and let’s paint the town sienna!»
«Teaching a new trick, such as Shake, can be such an adventure! Your dog is really happy with all the attention {MA.He}{FA.She} is getting that they practically can't sit still from all the excitement!» → «Teaching a new trick, such as Shake, can be such an adventure! Your dog is really happy with all the attention {MA.He}{FA.She} is getting that they practically can't sit still from all the excitement!»
«All cats need to eat, so make sure to provide a hearty bowl of food or a tasty treat to keep their stomachs satisfied.  More self-sufficient cats can also hunt for their own food.» → «All cats need to eat, so make sure to provide a hearty bowl of food or a tasty treat to keep their stomachs satisfied. More self-sufficient cats can also hunt for their own food.»
«Lovelace» → «Tunjung»
«You were so busy screaming like a baby, you didn't even realize I slipped into your inventory!» → «You were so busy screaming like a baby, you didn't even realise I slipped into your inventory!»
«{0.SimFirstName} can finally close up shop.  While there may be more needy Sims, you can't be everywhere all the time.  There will be more Free Clinics in the future.» → «{0.SimFirstName} can finally close up shop. While there may be more needy Sims, you can't be everywhere all the time. There will be more Free Clinics in the future.»
«Horse Fertilizer» → «Horse Fertiliser»
«Sorority House» → «Women's College»
«Organize Contents» → «Organise Contents»
«{2.SimName} just socialized with the grim reaper. {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember this incredible encounter!» → «{2.SimName} just socialised with the grim reaper. {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember this incredible encounter!»
«The driver is horribly ashamed of being involved in the car theft operation. I took the car keys so that I can return it to my client. I also learned the name of the low-level business crony orchestrating the operation. First things first -- I need to return the car.» → «The driver is horribly ashamed of being involved in the car theft operation. I took the car keys so that I can return it to my client. I also learned the name of the low-level business crony orchestrating the operation. First things first — I need to return the car.»
«{0.SimFirstName} just caught a Spider, valued at {1.Money}!  Scary!» → «{0.SimFirstName} just caught a Spider, valued at {1.Money}! Scary!»
«{2.SimName} just had a litter!  There's nothing like the endless energy of new babies!» → «{2.SimName} just had a litter! There's nothing like the endless energy of new babies!»
«While it is a myth that alligators can live for hundreds of years, it is true that they can grow to enormous proportions. Guranteed to stay one size forever, this alligator sculpture will brighten up any swimming hole and send pesky neighbor children running for the hills.» → «While it is a myth that alligators can live for hundreds of years, it is true that they can grow to enormous proportions. Guranteed to stay one size forever, this alligator sculpture will brighten up any swimming hole and send pesky neighbour children running for the hills.»
«Set Globule Color...» → «Set Globule Colour...»
«Randomize Face» → «Randomise Face»
«Your Twizy has saved you a total of {0.Money}.  There is no additional savings for owning more than one twizy other than having all of your Sims look stylish.» → «Your Twizy has saved you a total of {0.Money}. There is no additional savings for owning more than one twizy other than having all of your Sims look stylish.»
«Install the Friendly Functions, Sense of Humor, Sinister Circuits, Simulated Emotions, Capacity to Love, or Sentience Trait Chips to unlock Socialization.» → «Install the Friendly Functions, Sense of Humour, Sinister Circuits, Simulated Emotions, Capacity to Love, or Sentience Trait Chips to unlock Socialisation.»
«Pool Table» → «Snooker Table»
«Welcome to the Thomas School of Art at Sims University. Fine Arts students pursue noble endeavors without promise of reward, and the faculty are committed to your academic success.\n\nAll students in the Fine Arts major receive a Sketchbook when they enroll, which will assist your skill development both inside and outside the classroom.  Keep it with you always, and sketch anything that might catch your eye.\n\nClasses, Lectures, and Class Activities are required for all students, but Fine Arts majors will receive extra credit for building their Street Art, Painting, Cooking and Guitar skills.\n\nEvery brushstroke and flip of the spatula will pay off in the years to come. Fine Arts graduates may join Music, Culinary and Film careers at higher levels with better pay than lesser-educated Sims. Keep your grades as glorious as your imagination; the higher your grades at the Thomas School, the better you’ll be positioned to succeed in the highly competitive world of Fine Art.\n\nOur faculty wishes you the best of luck in your academic endeavors, and welcome again to Sims University!» → «Welcome to the Thomas School of Art at Sims University. Fine Arts students pursue noble endeavors without promise of reward, and the faculty are committed to your academic success.\n\nAll students in the Fine Arts major receive a Sketchbook when they enroll, which will assist your skill development both inside and outside the classroom. Keep it with you always, and sketch anything that might catch your eye.\n\nClasses, Lectures, and Class Activities are required for all students, but Fine Arts majors will receive extra credit for building their Street Art, Painting, Cooking and Guitar skills.\n\nEvery brushstroke and flip of the spatula will pay off in the years to come. Fine Arts graduates may join Music, Culinary and Film careers at higher levels with better pay than lesser-educated Sims. Keep your grades as glorious as your imagination; the higher your grades at the Thomas School, the better you’ll be positioned to succeed in the highly competitive world of Fine Art.\n\nOur faculty wishes you the best of luck in your academic endeavors, and welcome again to Sims University!»
«{0.SimName} realized that {1.SimFirstName} snuck into the establishment and reported it to the bouncers.» → «{0.SimName} realised that {1.SimFirstName} snuck into the establishment and reported it to the bouncers.»
«You are a top tier Investigator and though you could retire you keep solving cases in order to better your community! City Hall has been keeping tabs on your career and they have decided it is time to formally recognize your dedication to the citizens of {TownName}! A ceremony at City Hall has been organized in your honor. The Mayor plans to present you with a special award for all of your hard work!» → «You are a top tier Investigator and though you could retire you keep solving cases in order to better your community! City Hall has been keeping tabs on your career and they have decided it is time to formally recognize your dedication to the citizens of {TownName}! A ceremony at City Hall has been organized in your honour. The Mayor plans to present you with a special award for all of your hard work!»
«{0.SimFirstName} is doing great in school. He has made it on the honor roll!» → «{0.SimFirstName} is doing great in school. He has made it on the honour roll!»
«Utilizing the patented NeverMelt glaze, The Deep Freeze Ice Lounge delivers one of the most unique party venues this side of Bridgeport. Furniture and decor chiseled out of solid blocks of ice ensures that your Sim always has a cool place to chill.» → «Utilising the patented NeverMelt glaze, The Deep Freeze Ice Lounge delivers one of the most unique party venues this side of Bridgeport. Furniture and decor chiseled out of solid blocks of ice ensures that your Sim always has a cool place to chill.»
«Nothing makes a day happier than owning a puppy… except perhaps for owning multiple puppies!  Your Sim wants to Have Puppies.» → «Nothing makes a day happier than owning a puppy… except perhaps for owning multiple puppies! Your Sim wants to Have Puppies.»
«Success!  No more pesky television to ruin otherwise perfect days!» → «Success! No more pesky television to ruin otherwise perfect days!»
«It was quite a ride, but the cattle have been brought to market with {0.SimFirstName}'s help.  {MA.He}{FA.She} learned a lot about riding and what's edible on the range, and those skills are to come in handy in the future.» → «It was quite a ride, but the cattle have been brought to market with {0.SimFirstName}'s help. {MA.He}{FA.She} learned a lot about riding and what's edible on the range, and those skills are to come in handy in the future.»
«{0.SimFirstName} was amazed at how cool ancient Rome was during Pax Romana.  Not only that but togas aren't nearly as uncomfortable as one might think.» → «{0.SimFirstName} was amazed at how cool ancient Rome was during Pax Romana. Not only that but togas aren't nearly as uncomfortable as one might think.»
«The Arch You Glad to See Me is one of the widest arches made to date, allowing you to see anyone who's coming long before they arrive. If you've ever wanted an arch wider than your car, or if you've ever dreamed of photographing your entire extended family under a single arch, then this arch is for you!» → «The Arch You Glad to See Me is one of the widest arches made to date, allowing you to see anyone who's coming long before they arrive. If you've ever wanted an arch wider than your car, or if you've ever dreamt of photographing your entire extended family under a single arch, then this arch is for you!»
«Pre-Game Press Conference» → «Pre-Match Press Conference»
«Racing Game» → «Burnout Paradise»
«Favorite Style: {0.String} ({1.Number} photos)» → «Favourite Style: {0.String} ({1.Number} photos)»
«{0.SimFirstName} lost the soccer match.» → «{0.SimFirstName} lost the football match.»
«The story behind Blue Cheese Corporation's wolf and moon motif is that famous country song "Owl on the Moon."  The song tells the tale of an Alaskan wolf that sees an owl on the moon and can't sleep all night howling at it. Own this wondrous piece of graphic design today.» → «The story behind Blue Cheese Corporation's wolf and moon motif is that famous country song "Owl on the Moon." The song tells the tale of an Alaskan wolf that sees an owl on the moon and can't sleep all night howling at it. Own this wondrous piece of graphic design today.»
«Bands can only receive Gig Offers from venues that meet certain requirements. To create a venue suitable for Gigs, select "Edit Town" from the Options Menu. Create a new Community Lot or Change the Lot Type of an existing lot to be a Dive Bar, Fusion Lounge, Vampire Lounge, Exclusive Lounge, Sports Bar, or Local Watering Hole.» → «Bands can only receive Gig Offers from venues that meet certain requirements. To create a venue suitable for Gigs, select "Edit Town" from the Options Menu. Create a new Community Lot or Change the Lot Type of an existing lot to be a Pub, Fusion Lounge, Vampire Lounge, Exclusive Lounge, Sports Pub, or Classic Pub.»
«How dare you suggest such a thing {0.SimFirstName}?  I’m not a attending your class!» → «How dare you suggest such a thing {0.SimFirstName}? I’m not a attending your class!»
«Gingerbread Cookie» → «Gingerbread Biscuit»
«In days past the JRA International Equestrian Center played host to numerous competitions, welcoming visitors from far and wide in races that spanned the entire animal kingdom. As time passed and the novelty waned, the center focused on horses to provide an outlet for local talent.» → «In days past the JRA International Equestrian Centre played host to numerous competitions, welcoming visitors from far and wide in races that spanned the entire animal kingdom. As time passed and the novelty waned, the centre focused on horses to provide an outlet for local talent.»
«Ask About Mail» → «Ask About Post»
«Text deleted? Who’s messing with the copy? This brand new poster entitled Three Dog M[TEXT DELETED].  Grrr! Look, there are three dogs, there is a planetary body and thus it has been entitled Three Do[TEXT DELETED]. Argh! Can we please not edit the copy!? It’s a poster of three animals, there happens to be celestial object… you might even say moon. Moon. Now you’re ok with moon!? Three [TEXT DELETED]… seriously?!» → «Text deleted? Who’s messing with the copy? This brand new poster entitled Three Dog M[TEXT DELETED]. Grrr! Look, there are three dogs, there is a planetary body and thus it has been entitled Three Do[TEXT DELETED]. Argh! Can we please not edit the copy!? It’s a poster of three animals, there happens to be celestial object… you might even say moon. Moon. Now you’re ok with moon!? Three [TEXT DELETED]… seriously?!»
«Open loft spaces for the artists in residence, Terpsichore studios offer live/work spaces to the creative Sim in a transitional neighborhood.» → «Open loft spaces for the artists in residence, Terpsichore studios offer live/work spaces to the creative Sim in a transitional neighbourhood.»
«The twin of Lindy, Lanya loves her sister despite being her complete opposite. She looks after her and does what she can to keep her out of trouble. Lanya is a health nut and turns her nose at fatty foods. While her sister likes being the center of attention, Lanya is content staying low key and home to enjoy a good novel. Though she wishes Lindy would stay out of trouble, Lanya does enjoy having the attention taken off of her, so she can spend more time reading without interruption.» → «The twin of Lindy, Lanya loves her sister despite being her complete opposite. She looks after her and does what she can to keep her out of trouble. Lanya is a health nut and turns her nose at fatty foods. While her sister likes being the centre of attention, Lanya is content staying low key and home to enjoy a good novel. Though she wishes Lindy would stay out of trouble, Lanya does enjoy having the attention taken off of her, so she can spend more time reading without interruption.»
«Experimenting with different flavors in hopes of formulating a new libation is a creative and personally fulfilling pastime. Your Sim wants to Create a New Drink at a Professional Bar.» → «Experimenting with different flavours in hopes of formulating a new libation is a creative and personally fulfilling pastime. Your Sim wants to Create a New Drink at a Professional Bar.»
«Barney's Trash Chute» → «Barney's Waste Chute»
«A heavy, solid, regulation-sized pool table to decorate a dorm lounge or finish off a home game room. Face off across the felt: two Sims enter, one Sim leaves!» → «A heavy, solid, regulation-sized snooker table to decorate a dorm lounge or finish off a home game room. Face off across the felt: two Sims enter, one Sim leaves!»
«The political machine won't pay for itself. Money is needed to fuel city politics! Your Sim thinks it's time to talk to the neighbors and ask them for campaign donations.» → «The political machine won't pay for itself. Money is needed to fuel city politics! Your Sim thinks it's time to talk to the neighbours and ask them for campaign donations.»
«I just had a sweet, beautiful little baby. My life is completely changed. I want to make sure that the colors and fabrics of my clothes are soft.» → «I just had a sweet, beautiful little baby. My life is completely changed. I want to make sure that the colours and fabrics of my clothes are soft.»
«{0.SimFirstName} already had {MA.his}{FA.her} cheer measured. Another subject will be needed to gather accurate results for the Time Traveler.» → «{0.SimFirstName} already had {MA.his}{FA.her} cheer measured. Another subject will be needed to gather accurate results for the Time Traveller.»
«Patronize» → «Patronise»
«Dispel Rumors» → «Dispel Rumours»
«The owner of the local supermarket's got a big problem that he needs my help with. Somebody is stealing boxes of fresh fruit every morning. Shame -- I like apples. I should interview the owner at the supermarket to start my investigation.» → «The owner of the local supermarket's got a big problem that he needs my help with. Somebody is stealing boxes of fresh fruit every morning. Shame — I like apples. I should interview the owner at the supermarket to start my investigation.»
«Being scolded isn't the greatest feeling in the world.  {0.SimFirstName} should be more aware of {MA.his}{FA.her} behavior - at least, for now.» → «Being scolded isn't the greatest feeling in the world. {0.SimFirstName} should be more aware of {MA.his}{FA.her} behavior - at least, for now.»
«Well, I found the missing gnome, and it was hot to the touch. Seems our friend not only stole the gnome, but did some experimenting on it. The tech wasn't too careful though and I got some prints off of it. Better take these to the police station to get analyzed.» → «Well, I found the missing gnome, and it was hot to the touch. Seems our friend not only stole the gnome, but did some experimenting on it. The tech wasn't too careful though and I got some prints off of it. Better take these to the police station to get analysed.»
«You know, they are kind of sketchy creeping around at night, and stealing from those nice boys at MorcuCorp.  Maybe they are bad people!» → «You know, they are kind of sketchy creeping around at night, and stealing from those nice boys at MorcuCorp. Maybe they are bad people!»
«You are so right!  Those shiftless layabouts should work within the system if they want to affect change.  Their anarchist tendencies will lead to the downfall of humanity!» → «You are so right! Those shiftless layabouts should work within the system if they want to affect change. Their anarchist tendencies will lead to the downfall of humanity!»
«Cars cannot be placed on a lot with no parking spaces. Buy a parking space from the catalog first. Alternatively, you can click on any parking space on a community lot and purchase a vehicle directly from the parking space.» → «Cars cannot be placed on a lot with no parking spaces. Buy a parking space from the catalogue first. Alternatively, you can click on any parking space on a community lot and purchase a vehicle directly from the parking space.»
«My jerk of a partner just cheated on me! I was promised that it would never happen again, but I’m not sure I believe it. Can you give me a drastically different look so I can go incognito without being recognized?» → «My jerk of a partner just cheated on me! I was promised that it would never happen again, but I’m not sure I believe it. Can you give me a drastically different look so I can go incognito without being recognised?»
«It's pretty handy having a Unicorn around! They can cure certain ailments from bites, getting kicked, curses or even nausea, all with a swish of a tail!  Just make sure your Unicorn is rested since it takes a considerable amount of energy to perform these miracles! Your Sim wants to Be Cured by a Unicorn.» → «It's pretty handy having a Unicorn around! They can cure certain ailments from bites, getting kicked, curses or even nausea, all with a swish of a tail! Just make sure your Unicorn is rested since it takes a considerable amount of energy to perform these miracles! Your Sim wants to Be Cured by a Unicorn.»
«Term GPA: {0.String}» → «Term marks: {0.String}»
« The restaurant will find it quite difficult to serve their patrons without clean dishes. Next time you say you’ll clean dishes on time, clean them!» → «The restaurant will find it quite difficult to serve their patrons without clean dishes. Next time you say you’ll clean dishes on time, clean them!»
«A great director can manipulate the emotions of the audience with images and words. Any great film requires a great screenplay, so ambitious directors must hone their writing craft to learn to bring the audience to tears, joy, and heart-pounding action with his pen. Directors that want their skill recognized by their peers can't hide in the shadows, so becoming a well-known Celebrity is a must.» → «A great director can manipulate the emotions of the audience with images and words. Any great film requires a great screenplay, so ambitious directors must hone their writing craft to learn to bring the audience to tears, joy, and heart-pounding action with his pen. Directors that want their skill recognised by their peers can't hide in the shadows, so becoming a well-known Celebrity is a must.»
«A horse has its own idea of fun: Running and Jumping!  Setting up obstacles for your horse or galloping around is just what a horse needs to avoid getting restless.» → «A horse has its own idea of fun: Running and Jumping! Setting up obstacles for your horse or galloping around is just what a horse needs to avoid getting restless.»
«{0.SimFirstName} doesn't have a Lifetime Wish yet.  A Lifetime WIsh is selected when a Sim approaches the Teen years» → «{0.SimFirstName} doesn't have a Lifetime Wish yet. A Lifetime Wish is selected when a Sim approaches the Teen years»
«Town Theatre» → «Town Cinema»
«Mycena Mushroom  Seeds» → «Mycena Mushroom Seeds»
«Glass has long been recognized as the best material for doors, by everybody, but never has it been used so stylishly. Our stained glass doors are adorned with such intricately rendered details that anyone would think twice about throwing a brick through them, no matter how much of a jerk they were.» → «Glass has long been recognised as the best material for doors, by everybody, but never has it been used so stylishly. Our stained glass doors are adorned with such intricately rendered details that anyone would think twice about throwing a brick through them, no matter how much of a jerk they were.»
«{OpTarget} thinks there was a bit of fraud during the last election…just enough to keep {OpTargetFirstName} from winning the election. My first stop on this case should be {OpTarget} to ask questions.» → «{OpTarget} thinks the results didn't add up with the exit polls during the last election… losing by just enough to keep {OpTargetFirstName} from winning the election. My first stop on this case should be {OpTarget} to ask questions.»
«There are literally several uses for this fine-grained,  sedimentary rock.» → «There are literally several uses for this fine-grained, sedimentary rock.»
«You can now add landmarks, trees, and other decorations to your Sims' neighborhood. Would you like to learn more?» → «You can now add landmarks, trees, and other decorations to your Sims' neighbourhood. Would you like to learn more?»
«Wow! What a great feeling!  {0.SimFirstName} should be able to accomplish a lot more with this blessing.  Just look at {MA.him}{FA.her}!» → «Wow! What a great feeling! {0.SimFirstName} should be able to accomplish a lot more with this blessing. Just look at {MA.him}{FA.her}!»
«Bold cubist lines make this fountain a mesmerizing centerpiece for any open space. Nothing says high-class like a fountain and the Panther Modern is guaranteed to drop jaws.» → «Bold cubist lines make this fountain a mesmerising centrepiece for any open space. Nothing says high-class like a fountain and the Panther Modern is guaranteed to drop jaws.»
«Cleaning dirty litter boxes is a chore of the past! The Litter Box of the Future makes excellent use of the most futuristic feature of all - Lasers! Pew! Pew! Cat refuse is automatically vaporized in a matter of minutes! Warning: Vapor may be stinky.» → «Cleaning dirty litter boxes is a chore of the past! The Litter Box of the Future makes excellent use of the most futuristic feature of all - Lasers! Pew! Pew! Cat refuse is automatically vaporised in a matter of minutes! Warning: Vapor may be stinky.»
«The Interconnecting Modular Arch is the first of its kind. Its special design allows it to connect to other arches of the same type. The ends will properly mold into the correct column structure whether it is a single piece or combined with another piece to create a corner. Technology these days sure are amazing!» → «The Interconnecting Modular Arch is the first of its kind. Its special design allows it to connect to other arches of the same type. The ends will properly mould into the correct column structure whether it is a single piece or combined with another piece to create a corner. Technology these days sure are amazing!»
«{0.SimFirstName} has found that pesky {1.String}!  Consider placing {1.String} in a terrarium to prevent future getaway attempts.» → «{0.SimFirstName} has found that pesky {1.String}! Consider placing {1.String} in a terrarium to prevent future getaway attempts.»
«Formerly utilitarian working class housing, The Gentry long fell out of favor.  Recently, however, it has become one of the trendiest addresses in Bridgeport and features a waiting list of residents.» → «Formerly utilitarian working class housing, The Gentry long fell out of favour. Recently, however, it has become one of the trendiest addresses in Bridgeport and features a waiting list of residents.»
«Learning to Sit  Up is one of the most basic commands that you'll learn from your Sim. Once you've mastered how to sit up, it'll open up a whole bag of other tricks for you to master! Your Dog wants to Learn how to Sit Up.» → «Learning to Sit Up is one of the most basic commands that you'll learn from your Sim. Once you've mastered how to sit up, it'll open up a whole bag of other tricks for you to master! Your Dog wants to Learn how to Sit Up.»
«A turquoise colored metal roof.» → «A turquoise coloured metal roof.»
«Crazy cat lady is never a term Hetty would consider, but there's nothing healthy about living in denial. Maybe "crazy" is a bit of a stretch, but eccentric is certainly spot on. She lives as a recluse in her musty old Victorian home, as far from her neighbors as she can possibly get. Townsfolk give her a wide birth as nobody looks forward to one of her hyperbolic rants on modern society. Perhaps it's best that she sticks to her cats after all.» → «Crazy cat lady is never a term Hetty would consider, but there's nothing healthy about living in denial. Maybe "crazy" is a bit of a stretch, but eccentric is certainly spot on. She lives as a recluse in her musty old Victorian home, as far from her neighbours as she can possibly get. Townsfolk give her a wide birth as nobody looks forward to one of her hyperbolic rants on modern society. Perhaps it's best that she sticks to her cats after all.»
« (Dining)» → «(Dining)»
«Nobody needs help right now, I must be doing my job well.  I should check again tomorrow.» → «Nobody needs help right now, I must be doing my job well. I should check again tomorrow.»
«{2.SimName} has reached the top of the Science career and has become a Creature-Robot Cross Breeder. {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember that first successful hybridization experiment!» → «{2.SimName} has reached the top of the Science career and has become a Creature-Robot Cross Breeder. {MA.He}{FA.She} will always remember that first successful hybridisation experiment!»
«Don’t let the color fool you; {0.SimFirstName} isn’t sad. {MA.He’s}{FA.She’s} just had an intense encounter with some Light Blue Dew!» → «Don’t let the colour fool you; {0.SimFirstName} isn’t sad. {MA.He’s}{FA.She’s} just had an intense encounter with some Light Blue Dew!»
«Whether through a blog or surfing the Holo Web, {0.SimFirstName} can’t get enough info on {MA.his}{FA.her} favorite Sims.» → «Whether through a blog or surfing the Holo Web, {0.SimFirstName} can’t get enough info on {MA.his}{FA.her} favourite Sims.»
«Hi from the Sports Academy. All my friends are going to the big game this weekend. Can I have {2.Money} for a ticket?» → «Hi from the Sports Academy. All my friends are going to the big match this weekend. Can I have {2.Money} for a ticket?»
«All the other kids at the Sports Academy have personalized helmets. Can I have {2.Money} to buy one too?» → «All the other kids at the Sports Academy have personalised helmets. Can I have {2.Money} to buy one too?»
«Hi from the Sports Academy. My shoes are slowing down my game—can I have {2.Money} to buy some new ones?» → «Hi from the Sports Academy. My shoes are slowing down my match—can I have {2.Money} to buy some new ones?»
«We are unable to verify that your disc is a  valid copy of The Sims 3 World Adventures.  Please contact customer service.» → «We are unable to verify that your disc is a valid copy of The Sims 3 World Adventures. Please contact customer service.»
«It’s time to get drafted, but you don’t have any idea how to do it. Your boss recommends reading “Getting Past the Draft,” which should increase your chances and job performance. It’ll also build your relationship with your boss.» → «It’s time to get traded, but you don’t have any idea how to do it. Your boss recommends reading “Getting Past the Trade Window,” which should increase your chances and job performance. It’ll also build your relationship with your boss.»
«The head chef at {OpTarget} is looking to nuture young culinary fans by asking kids find some ingredients around town. Any child that finishes this scavenger hunt will receive a reward!» → «The head chef at {OpTarget} is looking to nurture young culinary fans by asking kids find some ingredients around town. Any child that finishes this scavenger hunt will receive a reward!»
«In Spun-Sugar Meadow, under Cotton Candy Clouds, and just beyond the Cupcake Bushes, sits the Tower of Cake - the majestic centerpiece of a mouthwatering fantasyland. Whether you're young or young at heart (or just craving something loaded with sugar!), this glimpse into the magical Candy Kingdom is a treat for all ages!» → «In Spun-Sugar Meadow, under Cotton Candy Clouds, and just beyond the Cupcake Bushes, sits the Tower of Cake - the majestic centrepiece of a mouthwatering fantasyland. Whether you're young or young at heart (or just craving something loaded with sugar!), this glimpse into the magical Candy Kingdom is a treat for all ages!»
«You didn’t spend the entire budget.  Do you think that I want this place to look cheap?» → «You didn’t spend the entire budget. Do you think that I want this place to look cheap?»
«Typically, they're the Sims you warn the neighbors about... there's just something a bit off about Inappropriate Sims.» → «Typically, they're the Sims you warn the neighbours about... there's just something a bit off about Inappropriate Sims.»
«In the right hands, a boring chunk of wood can be whittled into a breathtaking piece of art or furniture.  Your Sim would like to carve a wooden sculpture on the Sculpting Station.» → «In the right hands, a boring chunk of wood can be whittled into a breathtaking piece of art or furniture. Your Sim would like to carve a wooden sculpture on the Sculpting Station.»
«Your neighbors will be green with envy!» → «Your neighbours will be green with envy!»
«You've trained consistently around the clock the past couple of months for this very moment. It's time to show the world, that training wasn’t a wasted effort!  Your Sim wants to win a Beginner Jumping Competition.» → «You've trained consistently around the clock the past couple of months for this very moment. It's time to show the world, that training wasn’t a wasted effort! Your Sim wants to win a Beginner Jumping Competition.»
«Aren't I going to get invited in?  How rude!  I guess I'll just go home!» → «Aren't I going to get invited in? How rude! I guess I'll just go home!»
«{0.SimFirstName} missed the celebration in {MA.his}{FA.her} honor!» → «{0.SimFirstName} missed the celebration in {MA.his}{FA.her} honour!»
« will be late. {0.SimName} will need to take care of this child until the parent shows up!» → «will be late. {0.SimName} will need to take care of this child until the parent shows up!»
«A purple colored starfish.» → «A purple coloured starfish.»
«Showcasing successful shuffleboard savvy will surely spark swagger in some Sims. Your Sim wants to win a game of Shuffleboard.» → «Showcasing successful shuffleboard savvy will surely spark swagger in some Sims. Your Sim wants to win a match of Shuffleboard.»
«Before incense holders, there was the Incense Holder. A man was actually paid to come to your house and hold incense for you. His job became obsolete around the same time as the milk man.» → «Before incense holders, there was the Incense Holder. A lad was actually paid to come to your house and hold incense for you. His job became obsolete around the same time as the milk man.»
«Which is Better, Pen or Pencil?  It's a Draw!» → «Which is Better, Pen or Pencil? It's a Draw!»
«Enter the desired clock jitter in Sim seconds. It must be less than the clock period.  The clock ticks will be offset in a Gaussian distribution of this width around the clock period.» → «Enter the desired clock jitter in Sim seconds. It must be less than the clock period. The clock ticks will be offset in a Gaussian distribution of this width around the clock period.»
«{2.SimName} has just taught {1.SimName} how to Sit Up!  The furiously wagging tail looks like {MB.He}{FB.She} is really enjoying the training!» → «{2.SimName} has just taught {1.SimName} how to Sit Up! The furiously wagging tail looks like {MB.He}{FB.She} is really enjoying the training!»
«All of your time travelers are dead or gone! Your family's urn stones have been moved to a local mausoleum, and it's time to reload or go back to your home world.» → «All of your time travellers are dead or gone! Your family's urn stones have been moved to a local mausoleum, and it's time to reload or go back to your home world.»
«The batting averages and quarterback rating stats aren’t making any sense… They’re just a bunch of random numbers! Your Sim wants to analyze statistics and make sense out of nonsense.» → «The batting averages and quarterback rating stats aren’t making any sense… They’re just a bunch of random numbers! Your Sim wants to analyse statistics and make sense out of nonsense.»
«{0.SimFirstName} thinks that if they have to come in to work so early, morale would be greatly improved if the company provided free breakfast every so often. {0.SimFirstName} pitches the idea to the boss and it goes off without a hitch. The boss totally agrees that something needs to be done to help improve morale and approves the idea: Free Bagel Fridays!  Your co-workers seem genuinely happy and seem to actually arrive earlier on Fridays to try and get the best pick of bagels!» → «{0.SimFirstName} thinks that if they have to come in to work so early, morale would be greatly improved if the company provided free breakfast every so often. {0.SimFirstName} pitches the idea to the boss and it goes off without a hitch. The boss totally agrees that something needs to be done to help improve morale and approves the idea: Free Bagel Fridays! Your co-workers seem genuinely happy and seem to actually arrive earlier on Fridays to try and get the best pick of bagels!»
«Traffic Sign - Highway Exit» → «Traffic Sign - Motorway Exit»
«Stairs Catalog» → «Stairs Catalogue»
«The ever popular afterschool Sports Club allows you to hone your athletic skill by playing your favorite sport.» → «The ever popular afterschool Sports Club allows you to hone your athletic skill by playing your favourite sport.»
«I know this may never reach anyone, but I just wanted someone to know that my favorite flavor of oatmeal was always 'regular'.» → «I know this may never reach anyone, but I just wanted someone to know that my favourite flavour of oatmeal was always 'regular'.»
«4  8  15  16  23  42» → «4 8 15 16 23 42»
«Thank you for your consideration. Enclosed, please find my 8x10 headshot and a resume of my past acting experience.» → «Thank you for your consideration. Enclosed, please find my 20x25cm (8x10in) headshot and a CV of my past acting experience.»
«In recent years, Renee's career has led her to a wealth of unexpected success. The challenge now will be keeping her family together while still pursuing her own aspirations.» → «In recent years, Renée's career has led her to a wealth of unexpected success. The challenge now will be keeping her family together while still pursuing her own aspirations.»
«Neighborhood Pet Adoption» → «Neighbourhood Pet Adoption»
«Attend Free Game With Group» → «Attend Free Match With Group»
«You don’t own toys; those are for children.  You own collectibles, which are more grown-up because they stay in the box and nobody ever gets to play with them.» → «You don’t own toys; those are for children. You own collectibles, which are more grown-up because they stay in the box and nobody ever gets to play with them.»
«You captured {0.String}, the second-to-last subject in the {2.String} collection, worth {1.Money}! The only subject left is {6.String}.  Go get 'em!» → «You captured {0.String}, the second-to-last subject in the {2.String} collection, worth {1.Money}! The only subject left is {6.String}. Go get 'em!»
«Check in with Time Traveler» → «Check in with Time Traveller»
«Perfect for troublemakers by reducing the chance of getting caught while tagging or cheating on University exams. Also grants a temporary immunity  to fire.» → «Perfect for troublemakers by reducing the chance of getting caught while tagging or cheating on University exams. Also grants a temporary immunity to fire.»
«You can start learning the Photography Skill once your Sim has a Camera in their inventory.  Cameras can be purchased from a General Goods Merchant.» → «You can start learning the Photography Skill once your Sim has a Camera in their inventory. Cameras can be purchased from a General Goods Merchant.»
«In the Photography Skill journal, you will find collections of subjects.  Completing a collection will give you a skill boost. As you gain more Skill, you will be able to take photos in different styles and sizes.  Once you master the Photography skill, you can take photos for free!» → «In the Photography Skill journal, you will find collections of subjects. Completing a collection will give you a skill boost. As you gain more Skill, you will be able to take photos in different styles and sizes. Once you master the Photography skill, you can take photos for free!»
«Everyone from Children to Elders can learn Photography.  Just pick up a Camera and start taking photos!» → «Everyone from Children to Elders can learn Photography. Just pick up a Camera and start taking photos!»
«Thanks for the package.  Inside was the following:» → «Thanks for the package. Inside was the following:»
«The perfect space in which to capture and catalog your finest aesthetic achievements! Potential clients will be inspired by this visual collection of your work.» → «The perfect space in which to capture and catalogue your finest aesthetic achievements! Potential clients will be inspired by this visual collection of your work.»